RE: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS,
INVESTIGATIVE SOCIETY;
GEORGE W. VAN TASSEL

they have the power to know your thoughts just as JESUS did. He said this is their means of communication and many of the space people are mute, but they train a certain number of them to speak earth languages.

He said that the space people here on earth are equipped with a "crystal battery" which generates a magnetic field about them which bends light waves so that they, the space people, appear invisible. He said this has resulted in ghost stories such as footsteps, doors opening, and other such phenomena.

He stated that the space people are now gravely concerned with our atom bombs. He said that the explosions of these bombs have upset the earth's rotation and, as in the instance of the French bomb explosion in North Africa, have actually caused earthquakes. He said that the officials on earth are aware of this and this was the reason for the recent Geophysical Year in order to try to determine just what can be done. He said these explosions are forcing the earth toward another polar tilt, which will endanger all mankind. He said that the space people are prepared to evacuate those earth people who have abided by the "Golden Rule" when the polar tilt occurs, but will leave the rest to perish.

He advised that the space people have contacted the officials on earth and have advised them of their concern but this has not been made public. He also said that the radioactive fallout has become extremely dangerous and officials are worried but each power is so greedy of their own power they will not agree to make peace.

VAN TASSEL also spent some time saying that the U. S. Air Force, who are responsible for investigations on unidentified flying objects, has surpressed information; and as they are responsible only to the Administration, not to the public, as elected officials are, they can get away with this. He said that also the Air Force is afraid that they will be outmoded and disbanded if such information gets out.

He said that the Administration's main concern in not making public any information is that the economy will be

- 3 -
