UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Detroit, Michigan
May 20, 1960

In Reply, Please Refer to
File No.

Unidentified Flying Object;
Joseph Perry, Grand Blanc,
Michigan - Complainant

At 3:58 p.m. on May 20, 1960, Jerry Chiappetta, who advised that he was on the City Desk for the "Detroit Times" at Detroit, Michigan, telephoned the Flint, Michigan, Resident Agency and advised that he had just received a telephone call from Dave [handwritten X] Downey, who resides in Wayne County, Michigan.

Downey reportedly advised the "Detroit Times" that he is the District Director of the Aerial Phenomenon Investigation Society. Downey stated that Joseph [handwritten X] Perry, of Grand Blanc, Michigan, received a slide from Selfridge Air Force Base, Mt. Clemens, Michigan, on May 3, 1960. This slide is the property of Joe [handwritten X] Perry, of Grand Blanc, and Perry had claimed this slide contained a photograph of the moon and that it showed what appeared to be a flying object somewhere in the vicinity of the moon. Downey said when the Air Force returned the photograph, they gave Perry a letter explaining that what appears to be a flying object in this slide is actually a part of the negative which was not properly developed. Downey reportedly told the "Detroit Times" that he does not believe this story as he knows that Joe Perry is very meticulous when he develops pictures; therefore, he feels the slide actually does contain a picture of a flying object and that he intends to obtain this slide and forward it to the Eastman Kodak Company for further analysis.

This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of any kind. It is the property of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and is a loan to your agency; it is and/or its contents are not to be distributed outside your agency.

[Stamp, bottom right]:
ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED
HEREIN IS UNCLASSIFIED
DATE [blank] BY [blank]

[Stamp, bottom left]:
COPIES DESTROYED
270 NOV 19 1964

[Handwritten/Stamped, bottom center]:
62-83894-419
ENCLOSURE
