[Routing Slip (Right Margin)]
Mr. Tolson
Mr. Mohr
Mr. Parsons
Mr. Belmont
Mr. Callahan
Mr. DeLoach
Mr. Malone
Mr. McGuire
Mr. Rosen
Mr. Tamm
Mr. Trotter
Mr. W.C.Sullivan
Tele. Room
Mr. Ingram
Miss Gandy
[Handwritten: McDowell]

2842 [redacted] 57th St.
Seattle 7, Washington
October 10, 1960.

Personnel Section,
Federal Bureau of Investigation,
U. S. Dep't of Justice,
9th & Pennsylvania,
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

There is a gentleman, a "Dr." Stranges, who has published, or caused to be published, a book dealing with "Flying Saucers".

In public and in private the man infers that he is a former member of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

[Handwritten: WASH.]
Is this true?

This "Dr." Stranges (Doctor of What? -- has never been explained.) is very careful of his wording, in speech and in writing, inferring many things, yet doing so in a manner that will allow him to deny them, if necessary.

He quite skilfully avoids answering directly to direct questions.

All of this is done in a manner indicating that he is rather careless of the truth, yet the sort of thing that is pretty hard to pin down.

"Dr." Stranges has coupled his "Flying Saucers" with a religious theme in such a manner that he is invited to occupy the pulpit in churches around the land.

It is my personal opinion that the man is using the churches for his private gain. (Tax free, no doubt.)

I am not aware that he has broken the law in any respect, but from a moral standpoint, he is, I feel, worse than a law-breaker.

He will be coming again to my church in a few weeks, and on the occasion of his other visit told several quite patent lies.

If this man is either by law, or morally, a fraud I am quite opposed to his appearance in my church.

I would appreciate knowing if he is, in truth, a former member of your organization.

Sincerely,
Alfred Zigler


[Vertical Stamp (Right Margin):]
EX-PROC
OCT 14 1960
33

[Handwritten (Right Margin):]
R

[Handwritten (Bottom Left):]
vme 10-17-60
ack HNailey
let to Seattle
10-17-60
HNailey

[Stamps/Handwritten (Bottom Center/Right):]
REC-92
62-83894-423
EX-108
OCT 18 1960
