stated in effect, "We are calling all key and responsible
people on this matter", after the caller had established
that he was speaking with Mr. Stringfield, which call
was placed to Mr. Stringfield's place of employment,
mentioned above, telephone GA 1-5100. The caller
would not identify himself, and in the phone call alerted
Mr. Stringfield to expect, "the biggest flury of
unidentified flying objects sightings as a result of
Russian nuclear explosions in the one hundred megaton
range". Mr. Stringfield advised that the caller said
to be prepared when confusion begins resulting from
these sightings. The caller related that these sightings
would be seen between certain dates, and that to the
best of Mr. Stringfield's recollection, the caller
stated, "Mark these dates, October 15 to October 19,
during which will be the greatest incident in UFO
(Unidentified Flying Objects) activity over the years".
According to Mr. Stringfield, the caller remarked
further, "I'll remain in touch with you, and will call
back after the nineteenth".

Mr. Stringfield advised that the caller refused
to identify himself, and according to Mr. Stringfield
seemed to speak intelligently in the message he had
to relate to Mr. Stringfield.

Mr. Stringfield advised that he was concerned
about this telephone call in that if there were any truth
in the matter, and if such sightings should occur, that
it may cause panic among the populous in this country,
and that further, that the caller seemed to speak very
seriously, and there was no indication in the caller's
voice or message to indicate that it was a joke or a
prank.

Mr. Stringfield advised that it is not unusual
that he receives telephone calls concerning unidentified
objects, inasmuch as he, Stringfield, is authorized to
report sightings of unidentified objects to the
headquarters, Air Defense Command, at Columbus, Ohio.
He stated further that it is not unusual that he might
receive such a call inasmuch as he is publicly known
as a person who is interested in matters relating to
unidentified flying objects.

Mr. Stringfield advised that he is an advisor
to the National Investigations Committee on aerial
phenomena, which committee is located on Connecticut

-2-
