Memorandum for Mr. A. H. Belmont, 10/8/52

Colonel Young suggested that further contact be made with
Mr. Albert Chop of the Office of Public Information, Office of
the Secretary of Defense, who represents the Air Force in
public relations contacts pertaining to flying saucer matters.

Mr. Chop was contacted and advised that he was familiar
with the attached "New Yorker" magazine article. He advised
that Lang had gathered most of the material about two years ago
when considerable publicity regarding flying saucers had appeared
in newspapers. He does not know where Lang gathered the material
at that time but assumes that he gathered it from various sources,
such as other newspaper articles. When the recent publicity
regarding flying saucers appeared in newspapers, Lang renewed
his interest in flying saucers and attempted to bring his
article up to date. He contacted Mr. Chop for further current
information. Mr. Chop advised that he gave Lang some routine
items of interest regarding flying saucer complaints and
investigations by the Air Force, but that he instructed Mr. Lang
not to contact the Air Technical Intelligence Center for further
information from that source. Mr. Chop also advised that at
no time was the FBI mentioned and that he has no idea where
Lang obtained the information appearing in his article concerning
FBI investigations. Mr. Chop advised that he is thoroughly
familiar with Bureau policy pertaining to flying saucer investi-
gations, and that he at no time has indicated to any writer or
newspaper representative that the FBI conducts investigations
pertaining to flying saucers. Mr. Chop advised that, if the
Bureau desires, he would be glad to contact Lang to discreetly
determine where Lang obtained his information indicating that the
FBI conducts investigations pertaining to flying saucers. He
stated that he could make this contact without indicating in
any way the Bureau has contacted him. He was advised that his
offer of cooperation was appreciated, but that it was not
desired that he make such an inquiry at the present time.

There is attached a current mimeographed form containing
current information regarding the whole flying saucer matter
which was turned over by Chop. This is the information which

- 2 -
