SPACE REVIEW 3

   SUTTON, WEST VIRGINIA MONSTER MAY BE
             “COLLIER’S” ROCKET!
    Rev. S. L. Daw, Washington, D.C., Representative, IFSB

I have personally photographed flying saucers six times and personally photographed
the place where one landed in Charleston, West Virginia. I also talked to two eye-witnesses.
I saw and talked to a police officer who was burned by one in Wheeling, West Virginia.
My own cousin was the doctor who treated him.

I attempted to photograph one going over Melessa Pass, 5000 feet up in the Blue
Ridge mountains, as I was at a height of 2500 feet at Wahala Glen just directly opposite
from Melessa Pass. The picture was not too good due to the mist from the mountains.

The object that landed at Charleston, West Virginia was described as a large metal
ball, throwing off a white light and after landing, two small men in red emerged from
a trap in the top and climbed up a tree to look around. Seeing people watching them, they
got back in and took off. We can prove what this was: In the attempt to shoot rockets to
the moon, there is a device with the motors on the wings and the body of the device is
a jet propelled apparatus which throws off a large metal shaped disc which throws off a
red color from the center which when reflected could easily be taken for some sort of a
small person. This was described in Collier’s magazine of October 11, 1952.

According to the Washington Daily News, the monster seen at Sutton, West Virginia
could be the rocket described in Collier’s magazine. The picture on the cover of the maga-
zine shows a sphere-headed, wide-bottomed, tank-bellied rocket craft spewing out burning
hydrazine and nitric acid as it lands hind-end on the moon. The West Virginia people
claimed to have seen: “An object estimated at 10 feet tall, four feet wide at the bottom
and in the shape of a man. Two lights flashed from side to side, the machine made a noise
like gas escaping, and a sharp sickening odor was about.” Sounds somewhat the same.

The United States may be experimenting with something that the public is not aware
of, and it is doing its best to keep it a secret. The age of rocket ships is just around the
corner.

 CIVILIAN SAUCER INVESTIGATION OF NEW ZEALAND
                     CONTACTS IFSB

The Civilian Saucer Investigation of New Zealand was set up in New Zealand on
October 13, 1952. They plan to prove or disapprove the existence of saucers. It has no
affiliation with the Government, the armed forces, or to any society to which its members
may belong. Most of the members have been studying flying saucer reports for at least
five years. They represent all interested parties, astronomers, scientists, aviators, and the
man in the street. The committee consists of Mr H. H. Fulton, a sergeant in the R.N.Z.A.F.
attached to engineering, who is the President of CSI of NZ; Mr. R. J. Lavaris, a member
of the Territorial Air Force, who is the secretary of CSI of NZ; Mr. G. H. Gilmore, avia-
tion engineering inspector; D. Lavaris, a student studying for a science degree; and E. J.
Greager, an astronomer and engineer.

Aims of the committee are to correspond with kindred bodies overseas, and to ulti-
mately find the origin of flying saucers and their comparison.

Mr. H. H. Fulton, and Mr. R. J. Lavaris have been made members of the International
Council of IFSB. We hope to establish friendly relations with this society and get a rep-
resentative in New Zealand. CSI sent to IFSB a large map of New Zealand showing all
spots where saucers have been sighted with a history of each sighting. A complete report
on this will be made in our next issue. We wish CSI of New Zealand the best of luck
and hope they will be a success.
