RECORDED-124
<span style="color:red">62-83874-334</span>
INDEXED-124
EX-103

DATE: July 10, 1953

TO: Director of Special Investigations
The Inspector General
Department of the Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

FROM: John Edgar Hoover, Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation

SUBJECT: FLYING SAUCERS

[Handwritten in left margin: ok]

The following information was furnished to the Atlanta Field Office of this Bureau at 3:45 A.M.. on July 8, 1953, by Mr. Tom McRae, "Atlanta Constitution" reporter. Mr. McRae stated Mr. Edward E. Waters, 1855 Peach Tree Road, Northeast, Atlanta, Georgia, telephone number Elgin 9562, contacted him at the office of the "Atlanta Constitution" and advised as follows:

According to Waters, he and two other companions, while travelling in an automobile on Bankhead Highway in the vicinity of Mableton, Georgia, encountered three small animals which they believed had landed from a flying saucer. Waters advised as he and his companion approached, the three animals started making their way back to what was believed to be a flying saucer. According to Waters, two of the animals escaped in the flying saucer but the third was killed when hit by the automobile in which Waters and his companions were riding.

According to McRae, Waters displayed the animal which had been killed to him at the "Atlanta Constitution" newspaper office. McRae stated the animal did not resemble anything he had ever seen before but it looked as though it belonged to the monkey family. According to McRae, the animal was approximately 21 inches long, had a rather pointed head, large ears and pinkish skin. McRae stated because of the early morning hour he was unable to locate a scientist to examine the animal, but he did have one of the leading veterinarians of Atlanta, Georgia, examine it.


ENCL.
[Handwritten: 124]

Tolson
Ladd
Nichols
Belmont
Clegg
Glavin
Harbo
Rosen
Tracy
Gearty
Mohr
Winterrowd
Tele. Room
Holloman
Sizoo
Miss Gandy

EHM:djb

COMM - FBI
JUL 10 1953
MAILED 27
