[Handwritten blue ink marks at top center]

After the war they came to me again and told me about their
misfortune, that about 60% of all flights had been fatal. To make
it very clear, they wanted to find out how I construct my flying
apparatuses, because with a device, which endangers lives, they could
not, of course, appear before the public, and, therefore, all this is
still, so to speak, a private secret. In America, this flying
machine is called "flying saucer," and since among my former comrades
a quarrel broke out and they distrust each other and none of them has
the intelligence, which this invention demands, they have not progressed
over there.

I imagine that they have stubbornly adhered to some construction,
that is, become involved in it that they cannot advance. It has taken
me years to reach the point where I can already say with respect to the
construction plan that now the machine is safe for flying. Thereby I
am losing, however, some speed, but, in return for it, safety is secured
and this is the main thing. This machine is so very simple in its
construction that, if one gives me an engineer and experts, I can build
this apparatus in 5 to 6 weeks at the most (but only experimentally
for a crew of 1 to 3 men). Then this machine attains, with an automobile
motor of 80 to 120 h.p. about 700 to 1,000 km. If a firm would exist,
which does not shun the costs, I can, because of the simple construction
of the machine, build the first machine immediately in such a manner that
it exceeds the 2000 km. limit per hour. [Faint blue vertical line in right margin]

Because of the new aerodynamic law it is possible without
any difficulty (everything without propellers) to reach such speeds.
Now the idea has come to me to build some kind of popular flying machine
which is cheaper than an automobile. One does not need any
starting or landing strip and one would have a travelling speed of
about 500 to 700 km. per hour. I believe that America would be the
most favorable place in the world for it. You will now understand that I
am very anxious to establish contact with a firm which is greatly
interested in this invention. But as I have no knowledge of English,
it is for me, from the very beginning, an affair which will come to
nothing. If you, dear Mr. PIWETZ, can start the matter, you will not
have done it in vain. I am not niggardly and besides I want to go
to the U. S. A. to realize there a still larger project for which I
need co-workers. The circular flying machines shall bring me the money
for my further future plans, for I believe popular flying machines,
according to my model and besides 100% safe from crash, will be a
gigantic business. I do not know the magnates over there; perhaps
HENRY FORD or an airplane factory, possibly a helicopter plant would
be interested in it.

- 2 - [Faint blue mark at bottom left]
