ADOLPH DORNIG

On January 12, 1954, ALOIS PIVEC, 164 Hallstead Street, East Orange, NJ, appeared at the Newark Office and advised that he had received a letter from one ADOLPH DORNIG, Waidmannsdorferstr 80, Klagenfurt, West Austria, on about December 20, 1953.

PIVEC stated that the letter requested him to attempt to sell a number of inventions, which he, DORNIG, had developed. PIVEC stated that the request was to contact Aircraft Companies and Sewing Machine Companies in the United States and attempt to interest them in these devices.

According to PIVEC, DORNIG requested that no governmental agencies be contacted. PIVEC stated that the inventions, which DORNIG had developed were new type of sewing machine and a flying saucer. PIVEC stated that he came to this office because he felt that the flying saucer was of some importance in the national defense of this country. PIVEC stated that he has never met DORNIG but that DORNIG was given his name by PIVEC'S brother, FRITZ, who resides in Graz, Austria, and who is employed at Siemens-Halske Belggier Gasse 11, Graz, Austria. PIVEC stated that his brother worked with DORNIG, at one time, and he believes that DORNIG is a chemist or some type of engineer. PIVEC stated that the contents of the letter seemed fantastic to him and that if the letter were not written in such an intelligent manner, he would have doubted DORNIG'S sanity. He stated that DORNIG claims to have sold a new principle of aero-dynamics, which made it possible to construct a practical flying saucer and that DORNIG had developed a model that flies without the usual hazards. According to PIVEC, the letter continues by stating that DORNIG has been in contact with other men throughout the world, who have been attempting to develop the saucer and that he has been the first to win real success.

By way of background, [handwritten: ALOIS] [handwritten: INFORMANT] PIVEC stated that he was born in the vicinity of Leoben, Austria in 1925 and arrived in New York City on March 29, 1952 from Bremerhaven, Germany. He is employed at the Public Service Laboratory in Maplewood, NJ.

On January 30, 1954, OLGA PIVEC, 164 Hallstead Street, East Orange, NJ, appeared at the Newark Office and advised that she was the wife of ALOIS PIVEC. She stated that another letter had been received from ADOLPH DORNIG, by her husband, ALOIS PIVEC. She stated that her husband did not want to furnish the information in this letter to the FBI. She stated that he was not aware that she was furnishing this information and wished to keep the interview confidential.

[Handwritten in blue ink: 12 6052]

COPIES DESTROYED
270 NOV 19 1964
