RESTRICTED

(2) Supplementary written reports, prepared on AF Form 112, will be forwarded to the Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force.

(3) Commanding General, Air Materiel Command is authorized direct contact with major Air Commands (overseas) and organizations under their control in connection with the development of information on this subject.

c. Major Air Commands (ZI)
(1) Reports will be forwarded direct to the Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, Attn: MCIAXO-3 by installations receiving information pertaining to the requirements enunciated in Part II.

(2) Copies of such reports may be supplied the Command Headquarters of the installation concerned.

(3) A copy of all reports sent to Air Materiel Command in accordance with these instructions will be forwarded at the same time to the Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force.

(4) Written reports will be submitted on AF Form 112.

(5) Commanding General, Air Materiel Command is authorized direct contact with major Air Commands (ZI) and organizations under their control in connection with the development of information on this subject.

d. Non-Air Force Agencies
(1) Addressees other than those of the United States Air Force are requested to forward reports direct to the Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, Attn: MCIAXO-3.

(2) In order to reduce the time factor involved in transmission of this type of information it is requested that, wherever communications facilities permit, subordinate elements be authorized to communicate reports direct to the Commanding General, Air Materiel Command.

PART II - REQUIREMENTS

General

1. Date of sighting.
2. Time of sighting (zonal by 24 hr. clock).
3. Where sighted (observer's position):
   a. Ground
      (1) City, town.
      (2) Distance and direction from city or town, road, intersection, etc.
      (3) From building (story), yard, etc.
      (4) Map coordinates (if feasible) showing latitude and longitude.

- 2 -                                     RESTRICTED
