STANDARD FORM NO. 64

Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO : Director, FBI
FROM : SAC, Los Angeles
SUBJECT: RECOVERY OF "FLYING DISC",
NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA,
JULY 9, 1947

[Handwritten in left margin: "ck", "cont", "X"]

On the evening of July 9, 1947, a report was received at the Los Angeles Office that a so-called "flying disc" had landed in the vicinity of Radford and Magnolia Streets in North Hollywood, California, the contraption being briefly described as approximately 30 inches in diameter, all metal, disc shaped, and having a radio antenna. It was reported to have burst into flames upon landing. At the time of the report the disc was being held at the Valley Fire Department in Van Nuys, California.

SA RICHARD D. AUERBACH went to the fire department immediately at which time it was found that a number of people had gathered including newspaper reporters and photographers who were taking pictures of the disc. Battalion Fire Chief WALLACE E. NEWCOMB advised Agent that at approximately 10:30 P.M., an unknown woman called on the telephone and excitedly reported that the disc had dropped into her garden where it began to flame, her residence being located at 11858 Magnolia Boulevard, North Hollywood. A fire department truck was sent there and put out the flaming object with the fire hose, after which the object was taken to the fire station. SA AUERBACH thereafter arranged to transport the disc to the office.

The device is briefly described as consisting of two convex steel discs approximately 2 feet in diameter, fused together at the outer edge and fastened together in the center by a hollow cylindrical connection. A vertical galvanized iron fin was screwed to the top of the disc, and a short length of pipe closed at one end ran from the outer circumference into the interior of the contraption. What appeared to be a radio tube was installed in the center of the top side. The contraption had a total weight of approximately 20 pounds.

At the Bureau Office a series of photographs were taken of the device from various positions, and a set of these photographs are being forwarded herewith for the Bureau's inspection and information.

The "flying disc" was thereafter turned over to Major COURTNEY W. HEMPSTEAD [Handwritten: "B"], A.C., G-2, Fort MacArthur, San Pedro, California, who subsequently reported that the object was definitely a hoax and under no circumstances could have flown under its own power.


[Handwritten notes at bottom left:]
ENCL. ATTACHED
3
EX-64
60 OCT 2 1947
344
270
8/2/47

[Stamps and notes at bottom center:]
RECORDED
INDEXED
EX-64 102
COPIES DESTROYED 270 NOV 18 1964
62-83894-24
29 JUL 23 1947

[Handwritten notes at bottom right:]
Fitch
Parsons
