907 Seneca Ave.,
Brooklyn 27, N.Y.
July 14th, 1947.,

Mr. J. Edgar Hoover, Chief, of the F.B.I.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir;
Please forgive me for taking up your time, with this item. It really isn't necessary. Yet, although everybodys tongue was wagging from the East and to the West coast, I couldn't resist putting my oar in.

[Handwritten: Flying] saucers in the Sky. Heading for the Milky Way. Funny? I dont know.

We read and read and read. "Sky Disc Derby Open to All" - "Calls "Saucers" Trick of Vision" - "Believe it or not, 27 States see those flying saucers" - "Who saw the Saucers? 40 States in the Game" - "Celestial Dishes sought between the Raindrops" - "Find 'Disk' is weather kite" - "Disks called chunks of Mirage" - "Report new Red Planes resemble 'Flying Saucers'" - "Air-liner crew reports seeing 9 flying disks for 12 minutes". That's the way it went on, for days and days.

Please, dont remind me that this is a military problem. Soldiers fight the enemy out in the open and away from home if possible. The Federal Agents (the unsung heroes) fight the enemy under cover and in their home grounds. So. Here I am.

These so-called saucers may be kites, but according to reports, these things didn't flutter or float, they sailed and kites don't sail, the strange part is, they all sailed in the same direction, from West to East.

Rewards were offered, no collectors. Planes chased them, none captured. They had to land, no finders. So as long as the Military, Scientist and Civilians deny, being responsible for this. Were does it lead to? An enemy. A little while back, it was mentioned somewhere that Russia had or has a contraption for their next war, emitting sound (like a silent whistle for dogs) what it starts to do, to their enemy, I don't know. If a country was experimenting such a weapon, the brave people of the U.S. were not scared. They only informed the so-called enemy how successful they were.

It could be an optical illusion, or; supposing some unwelcomed persons, planted a few well chosen words, here and there and left the rest to a confused mind. These innocent people reporting the phenomena.

What confuses me is, that when we became too curious and determined to find out what they really are, those things disappeared and we found substitutes, called kites. These things resembling description as near as possible to the real thing. Why couldn't these things have been directed back home again like a homing pigeon?

To make sport of this thing, is bad taste. It sort of reminds me of the boy that cried WOLF. When the wolf really came. Twas sad. He was a niceboy. There should be a law, against such jokes or experiments in the future. They should be con[illegible] in [illegible] should be tried for treason, even; if the so-called joke seems less or ridicules. We can't take any chances. At this age, Time is slow. Man, is This POOH POOH business is no joke.

I had in mind that the floods were responsible for these disks (mirages) the rushing waters of the Mississippi, Missouri, Platte, Columbia and Ohio Rivers. The sun going from East to West, plus the Catskill in the Easterly North, The Blu Ridge in the East and the Rocky Mountains in the West. Reflections, or whatever were, went from West to East. Hence the Disks? I hope.

RECORDED 62-83894-
Respectfully Submitt
[Handwritten signature: George Pluskat]
[Handwritten: 31]
[Handwritten: 12 18]
