CONFIDENTIAL

781 [Handwritten]

UNEXPLAINED FLYING DISCS
7 July 1947

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE:

1. At 1305, 4 July 1947, a radio alert was issued via the Portland City Police Radio, advising all cars and listeners that some fast flying objects were in the air over Portland and vicinity. Upon contacting the radio dispatcher, this agent was advised that Kenneth A. McDowell, Patrolman, Portland City Police Department, residing at 916 S. E. Bush Street, Portland, Oregon, on duty at Precinct #1, Portland City Police, Southeast Morrison at 10th Avenue, had called in advising the dispatcher of the flying objects.

2. This agent interviewed Officer McDowell who stated at approximately 1305, 4 July 1947, he was on duty at Precinct #1, and was in the parking lot back of the Police Station, feeding the pigeons. At this time the pigeons became very excited over something and fluttered in the air all at once. Officer McDowell stated in looking around to see what had disturbed them, he saw five large discs in the air to the East of Portland two discs flying South and three flying in an Easterly direction. Officer McDowell stated he could determine no color to the discs, but advised they were dipping in an up and down oscillating motion and were traveling at a great speed. He was unable to give an estimate of the speed or altitude of these discs as they were out of sight before any detailed observation could be made. Officer McDowell advised he notified the Police Radio who immediately broadcast an alert. Officer McDowell advised he saw no indication of any motivating force or heard any sound coming from these discs and could give no description other than round.

3. This agent interviewed Sergeant Claude Cross, Oregon State Police Officer on duty at District Number 1 Station, Milwaukie, Oregon. Cross stated upon hearing the radio alert he went outside and upon looking in an Easterly direction he saw three discs following each other at an undetermined altitude and at a terrific speed, traveling in a Northwesterly direction. Cross advised he noticed a whitish brown glint to these objects as the sun reflected from them. Cross was unable to give any other description nor could he judge the objects speed or altitude. No sound was made by the objects.

4. This agent interviewed Earl E. Patterson, Patrolman, Portland City Police Department, and residing at 124 Southeast 13th Avenue, Portland, Oregon. Patterson advises he was a former Air Corps pilot during the war. He stated that the time the radio alert sounded, he was at Southeast 82nd and Foster Road, Portland, and upon getting out of his car he saw one disc flying in a Southwesterly direction over Portland. Patterson advised this disc was aluminum in color, left no vapor trail or smoke trail and was traveling at a terrific speed, faster than he has ever seen any flying object before. Patterson further advised, although not knowing the exact size of the object it is difficult to determine the altitude, he estimates its altitude at 30,000 feet.

Patterson further advised the flying disc was definitely some type of aircraft but he could not give any further description as its speed made observation difficult. He heard no sound emitted by the flying objects.

Keith A. Sorensen, S/A CIC, Sixth Army

File #1 [Handwritten]

CONFIDENTIAL [Stamp]

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION [Stamp]
AUG 7 1947 [Stamp]
SAN FRANCISCO [Stamp]
ROUTED TO [Stamp]
FILE [Stamp]
