dated February 6, 1954 and number 16 being dated
February 13, 1954. The number 15 issue contained an
article concerning Truman Bethurum, in which he is
identified as a truck driver from Redondo Beach, Calif-
ornia, and it refers to an article dated December 31,
1953, which appeared in the "Daily Breeze," a newspaper
at Redondo Beach, California, which allegedly contained
a description of an encounter which Truman Bethurum had
with a crew of assumed space explorers under the super-
vision of a ravishing woman commandant in the Nevada
desert. The article also reflects that Truman Bethurum
allegedly was aboard flying saucers on eleven occasions.
At the bottom of the first page of issue number 15 there
appeared in what Mr. Eickhoff stated was the handwriting
of Truman Bethurum the statement "This is a true story,
a factual experience -- Truman Bethurum."

The above mentioned article in "Valor" also
reflected that Truman Bethurum is 55 years of age and that
his residence address is 519 North Gertruda Avenue,
Redondo Beach, California.

Mr. Eickhoff reiterated that he felt Bethurum's
story, if true, should be given wide publicity, but that
if the story was false, then he should be prosecuted for
fraud. He stated that he first took his information to
the Air Force in the person of Lieutenant Colonel John
O'Mara of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, whom
Eickhoff visited personally at O'Mara's home in Fairborn,
Ohio, on Sunday, June 6, 1954. Eickhoff indicated that
he asked Colonel O'Mara if there were such things as
flying saucers and if Bethurum's story could be true,
and he said O'Mara denied that there were such a thing as
a flying saucer and indicated to him that Donald E. Kehoe,
the author of "Flying Saucers in Outer Space" was a fraud
and that information is available in Washington that
Kehoe is a fraud. He said he was advised, however, by
Colonel O'Mara that the Air Force could take no action
with respect to Bethurum or Williamson.

Eickhoff continued that it was his intention to
aid in the promotion of a meeting for Bethurum in Cincinnati.
He advised that the original meeting schedule for June 11

- 3 -
