Knowles wrote to the Director of Naval Intelligence contained information that Mrs. Swan was receiving messages through thought control from "outer space" and wrote them down as she received them. The letter, according to Hutson, stated that Mrs. Swan would write without any effort on her part and would write continuously for four or five hours at a time without getting tired. He stated that the Office of Naval Intelligence had in its possession the transmissions or messages that had been received by Mrs. Swan.

Hutson stated that he "unofficially" became interested in the matter and at the invitation of Admiral Knowles, he went to South Berwick, Maine, where he spent July 24, 25, 26, 1954, in the residence of Admiral Knowles.

Hutson stated that inasmuch as Knowles had received no response from the Government concerning this matter, he began reading books on flying saucers. Hutson advised that during the time that he was a house guest of Admiral Knowles, there was also present Wilber B. Smith, a Physicist of the Canadian Government who was also interested in flying saucers. Hutson stated that Smith was at Knowles' residence with his family and was there in an unofficial capacity.

Hutson advised that during his stay, he and Smith had various interviews with Mrs. Swan and had had contact with the "outer space" through Mrs. Swan. During the interview with Mrs. Swan and the contact with "outer space," Hutson stated that they sat in a group and he observed Mrs. Swan writing messages that she was receiving from someone in "outer space." According to Hutson, Swan informed him that people from "outer space" could use her eyes and ears to see and hear. According to Swan, this is accomplished by the use of a mechanical device and all conversations are recorded by the people in "outer space." Hutson indicated that he asked Mrs. Swan a question which she was to relay to the people in "outer space" and before she had time to relay the question, she began writing the answer down to his question on paper.

Hutson stated that Swan informed him that whenever she was to have contact with the people in "outer space," she would get a buzzing sound in her left ear to indicate that they were "on the line." Hutson stated that

Tolson
Boardman
Nichols
Belmont
Harbo
Mohr
Parsons
Rosen
Tamm
Sizoo
Winterrowd
Tele. Room
Holloman
Gandy

- 2 -
