-2-

SAUCERS HARASS EARTH; FEAR OF WORLD PANIC FORCES INTERNATIONAL CENSORSHIP: Behind the Mask of Comedy is tragedy -- the tragedy of censorship; on stage is the "Flying Saucer" whose misfortune of name has held it ludicrously before the public eye since Ken Arnold announced "nine saucer-like things" flying near Mt. Ranier in 1947.

"Saucers" in their true dimension are less ludicrous to world governments. Working in cooperative secrecy they have enforced a bowstring-tight conspiracy of censorship. A recent example is found in this writer's correspondence with the Chilean Naval Mission in Washington, D. C. To quote their reply of December 23, 1953:

"We are pleased to acknowledge receipt of your letter ... regarding the photographs showing UFO's in formational flight, which you mention were taken by Captain Orrego of the Chilean Navy near Antarctica in 1948.

'Regarding this matter we wish to inform you that recently we received a communication from Capt. Orrego stating that he had not seen any UFO's over the Antarctica in 1948, therefore, the photographs requested by you do not exist. . . ."

(Signed) Harold Nagel, Captain
Chief of the Chilean Naval Mission.

Going back into old files I find that Capt. Augusto Orrego said:"During the bright antarctic night we saw flying saucers, one above the other, turning at tremendous speeds. We have photographs to prove what we saw."

And now, the proof of Chilean contradiction, thus international censorship. Here I refer to Major Keyhoe's recent book. He says: "Later, when I requested copies from the Chilean Embassy in Washington I was told that the pictures ( Captain Orrego's) were classified."

Editor: For the pictures to be classified they first had to exist. Why, during December, did they fail to exist? Does this tie in with the U.S. Air Force's sudden security ruling, which I learned by letter from ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, dated Dec. 17, 1953. They said, in part: "In reference to your letter, the ATIC has been directed to make all information on Project Blue Book available to the Dept. of Defense for release from that point only . . ."

What happened in those yestermonth skies? Why do our Air Force and Central Intelligence bend over backwards to circumvent the truth about flying saucers? Why do foreign governments self-contradict themselves? Are they hiding super-saucer missiles of their own . . . or, are they all just being cooperative to conceal some great American weapon? Hardly!

The answer is in the skies today . . . right this minute! Fresh reports come to my desk daily. They come from competent and honest people. While these reports are being written other vehicles are crossing the barriers of space and time to "violate" earth's international boundaries . . . to harass the paths of airlines, and with increasing frequency, to come closer to terra firma. Here, they hover over roof tops, "buzz" automobiles and peer into house windows. Some cause destruction, even death. Are these the behind-the-scenes reasons for censorship?
