[Handwritten in top right corner: 349]

# "Saucers" No Myth, Says Researcher

Flying saucers are not a myth.
At least, this is the studied conviction of Leonard H. Stringfield, director of civilian research, Interplanetary Flying Objects, 7017 Britton Avenue, a former Air Force intelligence officer.
In a newsletter to be issued Friday by the research bureau, Stringfield reported results of a 26-minute interview on flying saucers with Lt. Col. John O'Mara, deputy commander, Air Force intelligence, Wright Field.
He wrote that Col. O'Mara "intimated" that the Air Force wants to "dispense with the misconception that 'flying saucers' do not exist."
STRINGFIELD REPORTED: "Flying saucers do exist," the colonel told me, and he added . . . (that) past contradictions were unfortunate.
"I asked the colonel if there were two breakdowns of saucers . . . the interplanetary device and the secret American missile. I was first corrected on the term 'missile,' then the colonel said he believed there were 'three breakdowns'—the third, 'natural phenomena.'
By such an admission," Stringfield wrote, "we therefore have these three breakdowns:

"1. The controlled 'saucer from outer space.
"2. A secret American saucer-like device.
"3. Unexplained natural phenomena."
Stringfield continued that when he asked the officer for a definite statement on saucers from outer space he was rebuffed, but was told that Air Force research was "gradually getting more data."
WHEN ASKED if all saucers seen by Americans—700 a week—were U. S. aircraft, Lt. Col. O'Mara replied, "Definitely not! Something does exist."
The Air Force officer further "intimated," according to Stringfield, that an official statement will soon be issued by the Defense Department "which will explain some of the past contradictions and release the details behind many (flying saucer) sightings."
"I can pretty well declare from evidence in my files," Stringfield told the TIMES-STAR, "that some flying saucers definitely come from outer space."
[Handwritten on clipping: TIMES / Seat 2]

[Handwritten diagonally across bottom right: 62-83894-349]

CINCINNATI TIMES STAR, CINCINNATI, O.
Date: 9-28-54
Edition: Final
Section: News
Page: 25
