[Redacted] TOP SECRET [Redacted]

RECEIVED FROM
NOV 1 1955
[illegible]
CIA [illegible]

D.E. Todd
Rm 4732

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

SUBJECT: Interview with Senator Richard B. Russell

[Handwritten in left margin: Flying Saucers]
[Handwritten above text: U.S.S.R.]

The following is a report of an interview with Senator Richard B. Russell on 27 October 1955 by Dr. Francis Clauser, Q/AI consultant.

"He was riding on the train from Baku to Tiflis with 3 others (a translator, a military aide and a Pacific Coast businessman). The Senator had a cold, was feeling tired, and lay down in one of the two compartments. The others were in the second compartment. The Senator had the lights out. He noticed what appeared to be a yellow spot on the window. Looking closer he saw it was outside and seemed to be a greenish yellow ball which was ascending rapidly. After it disappeared, he went in to tell the others. While he was discussing it with them, a second object appeared and they all watched it. When the second object was first sighted, the compartment lights were on, but were then switched off. It was after dark and the Senator was unable to see any outline or details of either object other than the greenish yellow light which appeared to be round. He could see no rocket trail nor smoke. He had the uncertain impression that the object was whirling or 'tumbling upward'. The trajectory was upward at a steep angle (not vertical) which he described as the way a Fourth of July rocket goes off a highly inclined track. In both cases, the objects were first seen at a distance which he estimated was 600 to 800 feet above the earth. However, he emphasized he had no good way of telling how far away the objects were. The objects kept on going up without a break in their course. They did not level off. He seemed uncertain as to how they finally disappeared. At no time did he hear any noise above the train noise.

"There was a searchlight visible such as we used in World War II to spot planes. It was turned on but was not pointed at the objects and did not attempt to follow them. In the discussion with the others afterward they claimed to have seen lights on the objects and to have been able to make out some details. The Senator remarked that their eyes were better than his for he could see only the round yellow light. The others said the objects went over the train."

This material contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the espionage laws, Title 18, USC, Secs. 793 and 794, the transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

INDEXED - 54
62-83894-62
NOT RECORDED
TOP SECRET
115499
Copy 16 of 18
NOV 25 1955
EX-126

[Handwritten note bottom right: nothing new / memy prep [illegible] / 5-AR]
