-2-

Daniel (Dan. 9:21) calls the angel Gabriel, a man. He describes this space-man as coming to him in "swift flight at the time of the evening sacrifice", and he also describes the interview which followed. Numerous incidents are mentioned in scripture of space-men landing on earth and contacting earth-men, usually bringing to them an important message. About three hundred such incidents can be listed! They brought help as well as destruction, these men from outer-space or heaven.

I believe that we should take these observations more matter-of-factly. We are not dealing with mythology here. A literal understanding of these incidents in modern thought-patterns brings astonishing clarity to all. Our religion should become more materialistic in order to conform with scripture, and not vice-versa as our clerics and others have been telling us for so long. We have practically and mistakenly spiritualized religion out of existence, and thus caused the great divorce between science and religion. True science is true religion.

These angels or space-men pilot some sort of vehicle. One of these space-men, described as a "mighty one" (Rev. 10), "came down out of heaven (space) wrapped in a cloud". Let us call symbolical language and oriental imagery by their right names. To be "wrapped in a cloud" was being surrounded by an object. In other words, this space-man was piloting a space-ship. How else could the observers of that day have described this phenomenon? That "flying" clouds don't refer to real clouds we see from the quotation, "Who are those that fly like a cloud?" (Isa. 60). The following literal description of a supposed flying-cloud ought to decide the matter. "A stormy wind came out of the north, and a great cloud, with brightness round about it, and fire flashing forth continually, and in the midst of the fire, as it were gleaming bronze. And from the midst of it came the likeness of four living creatures (spacemen)" (Ezk. 1).

The space-man mentioned above had a "rainbow over his head", namely vari-colored lights shone from a canopy over his head which shall be described later. Light "like the sun" came from this space-ship, and its "legs", no doubt landing-gear, were "like pillars of fire". The whole earth was lit up by the power of the light given off by this space-ship (Rev. 18:1).

Besides describing these "space-ships" as "flying" clouds, they are also described as a "flying roll" (Zech. 5:1), in other words "saucer" or "cigar" shaped. An approximate size estimated by an observer of that century who had no knowledge of perspective or distance, is included in this description. They are also described as a "flying serpent" (Isa. 14:29 - 30:6), referring no doubt to the long trail of fire left by the space-ship's exhaust.

However, the clearest, most prominent, most detailed, and most appropriate name given these flying-ships or space-ships, and one which we would well adopt as the most scientific is, "WHIRLING WHEELS", as the reporter Ezekiel calls them (Ezk. 1). This reporter now gives the most detailed description of the so-called "flying saucer" in existence today - many details of which have been verified by modern observers and some even caught by camera.

"Now as I looked at the living creatures (space-men) I saw a wheel upon the earth (the space-ship had evidently landed), one for each of the four of them (four space-ships in all). The appearance of the wheels was like the gleaming of a chrysolite (transparent or translucent olive-green). Their construction being as it were a wheel within a wheel, they had spokes and rims (recent observations and pictures have verified this description of an outer rim and an inner wheel, etc.). And when the living creatures (space-men) rose from the earth, the wheels rose, for the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels".
