STANDARD FORM NO. 64
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO : Mr. Tolson
FROM : L. B. Nichols
DATE: March 15, 1957

SUBJECT: JOHN STUART MARTIN
GREAT MEADOWS, NEW JERSEY

[Handwritten notes at top:]
Title
Unidentified "Flying Objects"
Great Meadows, New Jersey
March 12, 1957 - John
Stewart Martin - Informant
Info [illegible]
[Red ink: INF]

[Routing list on right:]
Tolson
Nichols
Boardman
Belmont
Mohr
Parsons
Rosen
Tamm
Trotter
Nease
Tele. Room
Holloman
Gandy

[Vertical handwritten note on left margin:]
RECEIVED - NICHOLS

For record purposes, John Stuart Martin (Great Meadows, New Jersey, telephone Mercury 7-2683) telephoned from his home at 12:52 p. m., March 14, 1957, while I was tied up on another matter, and talked with Wick. Martin, age 56, is one of the original founders of "Time" magazine, was [red ink: M2RTIN] employed by Louis de Rochemont on our movie, "House on 92nd Street," and he formerly was editor of "March of Time." He married Mary Gilbert, whom he says is known to the Director. He has one arm. [Red ink: Mrs John Stuart MARTIN] [Red ink: N.J.]

Martin said, to make a long story short, that he has run into a situation which has to do with an unidentified flying object observed two days ago in the Great Meadows vicinity. Martin said he had made a formal report in writing to military authorities, as well as to two civilian groups interested in the affair. General Wedemeyer is connected with one of the latter groups. Martin said he is not satisfied that the "intelligence" he supplied to the military is being handled properly, nor does he know to whom he should submit information and in what fashion. He said frankly he wanted an Agent to call upon him so that the Agent could evaluate his information, although he said he well knew "flying saucers," etc., were not within the scope of the FBI's interest nor jurisdiction.

(The attached news ticker from United Press reflects that in testimony before a House Appropriations Subcommittee, 2-19-57, Dr. Hugh Dryden, Director of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, had flatly stated there is no such thing as a flying saucer. It was said too that the Air Force or some other authority should nail down the unidentified "flying [red ink: D.C.] objects" and "say it is pure fiction.")

ACTION TAKEN:
[Handwritten: ENCLOSURE]
While normally we would simply tell a caller that we have no jurisdiction and that he should refer such matter to the proper military

cc: Mr. Boardman
cc: Mr. Belmont

RECORDED - 36
INDEXED - 36
62-83894-374
17 MAR 26 1957
[Handwritten: 5-Aug]
(4) APR 1 1957
EX 105
