Mr. Leonard Stringfield
C.I.R.F.O. Orbit
7017 Britton Avenue
Cincinnati, 27, Ohio

March 19, 1957

Dear Mr. Stringfield:

This letter is to confirm and elaborate the contents of our telephone conversation on March 12, 1957. At that time I called you on my own initiative, acting as a planetary and U.S. citizen, who was a witness to a series of facts and events designated "OROP Desert Ea". It was my aim to find out whether you would be willing to testify about the facts known to you concerning UFO sighting reports made by the civilian public in the USA and elsewhere, which as Editor of CRIFO Orbit you have collected and filed over several years. I also wanted to know whether under oath you would reveal what you know in your official capacity as former USAF Intelligence officer (This information about you was gleaned from Edward J. Ruppelt's book "The UFO Story"). I finally based my call on the title of your publication "The official Publication of Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects" as distinguished from the mystics who dabble in the unknown.

[Handwritten: open] I informed you that staffmembers of Expedition Orop Desert Ea, Arizona, 1954-1955 had lodged a charge of treason, fraud, perjury and conspiracy against certain government officials through the office of Senator Margaret Chase Smith on March 1, 1957. That these men had obstructed vital civilian research on the space problem, and have now apparently succeeded in their treacherous attack through defrauding the US court as to the nature of the work carried on during Expedition Orop Desert Ea; the discoverer of Life Energy, Dr. Wilhelm Reich being consequently imprisoned on March 12, 1957. The staff members of Expedition Orop Desert Ea wish to stress that in making their charges they are acting strictly on their own, on the basis of the respective facts known to each one. An investigation by the United States Congress has therefore been requested by us, concerning the underlying facts in this unique scandal. What has to be opened up is the entire field of UFO phenomena, the Undue Secrecy by Airforce headquarters, and the suppression of public news concerning the subject. Evidence points to the existence of a widespread conspiracy of those who want to maintain the status quo of the present world view, the atomic-mechanistic empty space hypothesis, the THEY in the background who want to kill all new knowledge by criminal means. Our evidence shows that "they" are in control of apparently all branches of the government. I feel personally unsure whether there exists at this point any bona fide honest constitutional government. After the events of March 11, 1957 the constitution is dead, Law and rational order has failed. I am basing this statement on the fact that in spite of the evidence on court record the sentence against the Discovery of Life Energy was executed. For reference you have to go to the nearest US District Court where you will find Volume V Record Appendix to Briefs for Appellants, Case No. 5160, Supreme court Number 688, Secret and Suppressed Evidence, Orop Desert Ea, 1954-1955. The Title of the Report is "Contact with Space", Oranur, Second Report, 1951 - 1956, By Wilhelm Reich. Dr. Reich was found guilty of Contempt of Court for disobeying an UNLAWFUL and Fraudulently obtained order against his work (1954) and for stating at trial that he had to continue with his work for reasons of national security.

We, the staff members of this expedition are factual witnesses to some aspects of the work such as : Oranur experiment, Orur ( Denatured Nuclear material - in other words "Atoms for Peace"), the Cloud-buster, Cloudbuster plus Orur equals "Spacegun", Disabled Ea (Epsylon alpha Dr. Reich's designation of Space craft)
