-2-

Conferences with ATIC, notification of government officials in responsible positions, Conferences with CIA; [redacted] DOR clouds and effects, DOR removal (Smog socalled, also appears as smoky substance subsequent to UFO sightings as you know); DOR as Deadly Orgone Energy; Orene; Oranur Weather control : Rainmaking, also over deserts, Hurricane dissipation; Transportation of Orur including "queering of Radar", ; Breakdown (Hemiplegia) of spacegun operator while drawing from Ea, - And many further detailed aspects of OROP Desert Ea work such as the "energetic nodes found experimentally", etc., etc.... There is no shortage of facts , observations, and evidence. But the Truth has so far not yet been heard, which is all it needs to win.

Furthermore there is evidence for espionage against this work : Tapped radio, opened mail etc. Since to date UFO's are officially "nonexistent" The FBI has sofar declined to investigate as the subject is "not within their Jurisdiction". I am personally witness to the fact of the existence of the Orgone Energy Motor, and letters, documents, etc., describing the mysterious disappearance of one William Washington who came into possession of much knowledge concerning "orgonometry, mathematical, and the Motor principle," and who has disappeared since 1949. I am sure any investigating agency could locate his whereabouts in a short time. It is clear that the powerful Oil interests in this country are out to keep their predominance in the field of power and income, and are involved in keeping the Orgone Energy Motor problem suppressed.

These points are mentioned to give you a hint how necessary a bona fide, courageous, forthright investigation has become. I am appending a bibliography for your convenience where you may find some of the printed evidence for our charges.

If no investigation is forthcoming within a reasonably short time we are forced to use force;- to use the scientific power of the Energy which we have learnt to trigger (storms, floods etc.)

Sincerely yours

Eva Reich Moise
Eva Reich MD
(Mrs. William S. Moise)
Rt. 1, POB 721
Alexandria, Va
SOuth 5 - 7081

Other Former Staff members: Expedition Orop Desert
1) Robert A. McCullough
2) William Steig
3) William Moise

PS Since it will take me a day or two to prepare reference list, it will follow and is not enclosed, as stated in letter.
