~~SECRET~~

TCM 452 1 August 1949
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

Captain Thrush, the pilot of a Northwest Airline Martin 202, reported that while approaching Portland from the east he noticed what appeared to be an aircraft displaying two red lights and one white light. Since this was nonstandard lighting Captain Thrush watched the object very closely. His sighting of this object was at 2110P at an altitude of six (6) thousand feet and he was approximately five (5) miles west of Stevenson, Washington. He reported that the object was behind him and slightly to the left and maintained that same position until Troutdale. When over Troutdale Captain Thrush heard Portland Tower giving instructions to other aircraft to hold over the airport because of an unidentified flying object dropping flares. Upon hearing this information Captain Thrush turned one hundred and eighty (180) degrees and attempted to intercept the flying object displaying the two red lights and one white light that had been following him. He reported that this object then turned to the southeast and appeared to pull away from him quite easily. Captain Thrush reported that his indicated airspeed was two hundred and ten (210) miles per hour while he was trying to intercept the object.

Mr. Penhallogan reported that he saw the object while in the traffic pattern in Troutdale, Oregon. He was flying at an altitude of one (1) thousand three (3) hundred feet indicated and reported that the object appeared to be five (5) hundred to eight (8) hundred feet above him and at an estimated distance of twenty (20) miles to the east.

The only Air Force aircraft in the vicinity at the time was a B-29, AF 7758, who was over Portland at 2130P at an altitude of seven (7) thousand five (5) hundred feet, northbound. The pilot was questioned and stated that he did not drop any flares and did not circle over Portland and did not see anything unusual.

EARL J. LIVESAY
Lt. Col., USAF
Commanding

Copies furnished:
Chief of Staff, USAF
Commander MATS 20 [illegible]
Commanding Officer, Flight Service

[Faint, illegible stamp in bottom left corner]

DECLASSIFIED

~~SECRET~~
