10

horizon of Boise at 3:30 p.m. and another line be drawn from the position of the moon at one hundred hours before the sighting of the Boise object, and projected to the center of the earth, it will be seen that this ten-degrees-altitude and the moon-earth line intersect as a place far above a geographical position considerably to the west of Cape Blance, in the neighborhoodof about 700 miles off the coast.

The Boise object in its appearance suggests a rocket-type of craft possibly using reaction blasts to brake itself down for a landing on the earth. The bright point and plumy tail of the description suggest this, as also its apparent fixity in space.

HOLLE'S "SHIP IN FLAMES" -- Nine days after the sighting of the Boise object a forest lookout named Earl Holle saw at or soon after 4:00 p.m., 3rd July, 1947, something he took to be a "tanker in flames". This was seen horizon-ward from a point in Sonoma County, California, near to Fort Ross. A search was instituted by the Navy or Coast Guard, and nothing was found. The soviet tanker ELBRUZ, which had been in the vicinity, was queried and found to be all right. This was not explained.

If this apperance had been on the horizon, there is no telling how far it may have been from the observer.

CAPE MENDOCINO BLIMP INCIDENT -- Not far from the location of Holle's "burning ship" an accident occurred to a navy blimp, 14 July 1947, off Cape Mendocino.

This blimp suddenly settled into the water, s lipped out its crew and rose again.

The anomaly here is that one would not expect to find drastic down-drafts of such violence as to thus upset a lighter than air craft. Possibly a downdraft accounted for the accident - but if the Signal Officer will look up the incident of the British steamer Talma which, at the time of the sighting of a luminous wheel-like phenomenon in the Gulf of Martaban, reported a slowing of the engines from some unknown cause, it may be seen that possibly forces are generated in some manner by certain unknown objects at times in the ocean, which may have physical attraction for material objects. This blimp accident occurring in waters where occurred other phenomena shortly to be mentioned, seems to have a doubtful side to it.

THE OAKLAND OBJECT -- Early on the morning of 13th October, 1947, a photographer named Ben Dobus togehter with a taxidriver named A. J. Goldman saw a thing "that looked like Saturn with a ring around it." It shot at terrific speed WESTWARD across the sky of the Bay area, and was seen shortly after midnight.

2
