(COPY)                                                               101

EXHIBIT A

Roy W. Cox, Director of Highways

STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION

OF KANSAS

Division 3

Norton

NOTES TAKEN AT NORCATUR, KANSAS, Night of Feb 18

Mr. Ralph New, Postmaster at Norcatur, tells us that at approximately 4:50 PM he was standing in the north window of the post office in Norcatur looking toward the City Hall when he was suddenly illuminated very brightly by some terrific light.

He ran outside into the street where others were looking toward the northeast at a very large cloud of white smoke high in the sky. He stated that in about a minute and a half, there was a terrific explosion followed by a heavy rumbling noise like thunder and that the smoke cloud was growing larger all the time. Also there was a white smoke trail in the sky from the southwest where the missile had come from.

He said that from the center of the street, the explosion and the first big mushroom of smoke was directly overhead and at a tremendous height.

Another man in Norcatur stated that just prior to the explosion, he had heard the motors of an airplane.

Chief Scott learned from some man in Norton that just following the explosion, something fell at his feet on the street and he picked it up, to find that it was a small flashlight battery resembling those used in 'fountain pen flashlights' and that it was red hot. After a crowd of men gathered and examined it, he was unable to find it and thinks that someone took it.

Kenneth Hays of east of Norton was about 5 miles south of Prairie View when he heard something roaring in the sky to the west of him, far away and very high. He says that it resembled a rocket traveling northeast toward Norton direction, and that suddenly there was a terrific explosion followed by a mushroom of white smoke and that there followed other explosions or something resembling explosions. When he saw it, it was nearing the ground or horizon, in other words, losing altitude.

Edgar Young's boy at Reager, was standing beside the Reager elevator and heard something high over head, looked up to see a very bright flash of light and then a loud explosion followed by a big cloud of smoke.

The airport at Norton thought about 20,000 feet, time 4:50. Checked but no planes missing.
