CONFIDENTIAL

[Handwritten in top right corner: 106]

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff
Intelligence
Hamilton Field, California

4AFDA-3/1208-I

SUBJECT: Investigation of Flying Discs

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

Information from the Sheriff's Office, Bakersfield, California, revealed that numerous calls from residents in Bakersfield concerning peculiar objects in the sky over Bakersfield, predicated an investigation by their office and contact with A-2 Headquarters Fourth Air Force.

[Handwritten in left margin: 106] On 13th March 1948, two informants, Mr. George L. Buchner, and Mr. H. B. Nix, stated that they observed a flying object which appeared to be consumed in fire, and left a brownish-white plume of smoke, which suddenly stopped and disappeared. Seconds later, what appeared to be a parachute, was seen to be drifting to the east.

The object, as described, appeared to be a burning fabric airplane, consumed in smoke. Observations were made in Bakersfield of object to the south and southwest, approximately ten to twelve miles distance, around 1600 hours on 5 March 1948.

[Handwritten in left margin: 106] On 13th March 1948, informant, Mr. H. B. Nix, stated that he observed an object at 0830, 8 March 1948, due north of Bakersfield, approximately five miles distance. The object was a large, orange-red ball of fire, somewhat larger than a small airplane, appeared to remain static for approximately thirty seconds, then split and continued to burn; each visible as a burning half. A parachute, with a black object hanging was then observed to fall, drift to the east and disappeared into the hills east of Bakersfield.

[Handwritten in left margin: 106] On 13th March 1948, two informants, Mrs. Callie R. Mason, secretary, Haberfelde Building, Bakersfield, California, and Dr. J. E. Johnson, dentist Haberfelde Building, Bakersfield, California, stated that they were in Room 518, Haberfelde Building, on the morning of 9 March 1948. Mrs. Mason was a patient of Dr. Johnson. Both informants stated that they observed a flaming object which appeared at first to be a very small airplane. Orange red flames seemed to envelope the object with considerable black smoke trailing in a zigzag manner for approximately 4,000 to 5,000 feet. The object was observed at 1,000 feet, approximately due north of Bakersfield, seven to ten miles distant at approximately 0830 hours.

Informants further stated that the object disappeared behind a water tower, which was an obstruction to their view, and was near the ground. Both informants watched for an explosion, thinking that it would explode upon reaching the ground, but nothing unusual was noted.

CONFIDENTIAL

[Handwritten in bottom right corner: 24]
