1308 [Handwritten]

The B. F. Goodrich Company
1653 Hennepin Avenue
Minneapolis, Minnesota

RESTRICTED [Stamp]

415 W. Rosser Avenue
Bismarck, N. Dakota
June 18, 1948

Col W. R. Clingerman
U. S. Army Air Forces
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Refer - MCIAXO-3

Dear Sir: -

In reply to your letter of June 15th in which there are several questions which you desire answered to the best of my ability - with reference to the object which I saw flying through the air between Plevna and Miles City Montana on the night of May 17th, I will answer them and give you a graphic description with a little more elaboration than my previous letter - if that is possible.

Question: - Did the entire object appear to be glowing, or did it give the effect of carrying lights. Answer: This thing seemed to be a ball of bright white light - and I could not make out if it was being carriedor just what made it go - however, it did disturb me quite a little because after stopping to view it at the Powder River Bridge I could not hear motors humming such as an aircraft in these parts might have, and I therefore tried to find out just what it was by the use of my field glasses.

(b) Question: - An estimate of the size of the object in comparison with some other known object. Answer - the size of the light which was very brilliant would indicate that it was fairly large compared with aircraft - and I would say that this exceedingly bright light which was one light and not several was as bright as the headlight on a locomotive, only about three times that bright and without direction. By this I mean that this light simply glowed very bright and was not a directed light.

(c) Question: - An estimate of the speed of the object in comparison with the jet type or conventional aircraft. Answer: This object flew at about twice the speed of any aircraft that Northwest Airlines planes fly - because it would appear coming thro where I was traveling west on Highway #212 or #12 as we call it out here appearing only faintly first and then growing larger as it approached over the hills north of the highway - until it seemed to hang there off in the northwest of me brightly and then would turn south toward the highway where it became real bright and then would start back West again and fly out of sight. This thing did this several times - which actually got my goat - if I may put it that way. (d) Question: Did the object appear to be circling at random or did it follow a definite flight pattern. Answer: As ^ [handwritten caret] have explained before - the object appeared first when

RESTRICTED [Stamp]

61 [Handwritten]
