UNCLASSIFIED
SBU

activities from sport, to youth, to business consulting.
The Union has over 1000 members including some individual
members from other welayets.

Registering Small and Medium Businesses
----------------

6. (SBU) Members told the DCM they first started the
"practical" side of their work shortly after independence
by assisting small and medium-sized businesses register
with local authorities. According to the UOU President,
during the '90s the Union assisted 187 enterprises in
registering ranging from farmers unions to joint
enterprises to a shoe factory. The UOU told the DCM all

ASHGABAT 00001028 002 OF 002

this consulting was done pro bono. The Union made money
over the years, however, by running for-fee computer,
accounting and other "non-traditional" courses such as
UFOLOGY and massage.

7. (SBU) UOU President Muradov told the DCM the Union
had been successful in this effort because it had the
respect of local authorities. According to Muradov,
"everyone is interested in UFOs" and local authorities
were eager to assist and also learn more about UFOs. The
Union also regularly ran UFO-related seminars and talks,
which were well attended.

8. (SBU) In addition to commercial work, the UOU
obtained experience in humanitarian goods distribution
when it became a partner of the State Department funded
CHAP humanitarian assistance program administered by
Counterpart International. UOU facilitated humanitarian
assistance to refugees from the civil war in Tajikistan
and also with Afghan refugees. Muradov said the Union
was eager to continue with such work, should the need
arise.

Assisting NGOs
----------------

9. (SBU) Because of their established track record and
their success in re-registering after the austere 2003
NGO law was passed, USAID, through Counterpart
International, is considering a $15,000 grant to assist
the UOU with internal capacity building. The grant
passed the local grants committee and has been forward to
the regional committee for consideration. The UOU
already has successfully registered an NGO and is working
on the registration documents of four others.

Next, an Independent Newsletter
----------------

[Stamp: Released in Full]

UNCLASSIFIED
SBU                                                                     Page 3 of 5
