SECRET
Col Cook/2497/bm
AFMRS
                     (3)                                                        30 December 1947
SUBJECT:  Flying Discs
TO:       Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
Attn: TSDIN
      1.    Reference is made to three inclosures, memoranda from
your office to this headquarters, subject as above.
      2.    It is Air Force policy not to ignore reports of sightings
and phenomena in the atmosphere but to recognize that part of its
mission is to collect, collate, evaluate and act on information of
this nature.
      3.    In implementing this policy, it is desired that the Air
Materiel Command set up a project whose purpose is to collect,
collate, evaluate and distribute to interested government agencies
and contractors all information concerning sightings and phenomena
in the atmosphere which can be construed to be of concern to the
national security. It is desired that appropriate recommendations
be forwarded to this Headquarters, wherever action is indicated
which falls outside the field of the Air Materiel Command.
      4.    It is suggested that the activities of this project include
the preparation and distribution of an initial report, as recommended
in Inclosure 1, and that subsequent reports be issued on a quarterly
basis. Supplementary reports should be issued at more frequent inter-
vals should the need for same be indicated. This project is assigned
priority 2A, with a security classification of "restricted" and Code
Name of "SIGN". Where data of a classification higher than restricted
is handled by the project such data should be classified accordingly.
A complete interchange of data should be effected as recommended in
Inclosure 1.
                BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF:                                                        P 97084                                                        2 JAN 1948                                         L. C. CRAIGIE                                         Major General, U. S. Air Force                                         Director of Research and Development                                         Office, Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel
4 Incls


Memo dtd 23 Sept '47
from AMC to AC/AS-2
(Gen Schulgen)


Memo dtd 24 Sept '47
from AMC to AC/AS-2
(Gen McDonald)


Memo dtd 19 Dec '47
to Gen Craigie


R&R from Dir of Intell. w/(?) SECRET


OFFICE SYMBOL
GRADE AND
SURNAME OF
COORDINATING
OFFICERS


(?)


AFMRS
(signature)


AFOTN
(signature)
(AFMRD)


AFSBR
(signature)
AFMRD


AFOPO
Wayland
by (?)
