65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Serial_449
Page 15 of 18


[Top Left]

GOLDEN GATE
Handicap--- Results

OAKLAND TRIBUNE
ESTABLISHED FEBRUARY 21, 1874 • OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA

93rd YEAR, NO. 84 • FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1966 10¢ DAILY, $2.25 A MONTH

Flying Saucers Are Poppin' Up All Over


[Top Right]

EXCLUSIVE!
LATEST U.F.O.
PHOTOGRAPHS
ARE THEY REAL?

UFO'S (?) FLASH ACROSS PRE-DAWN SKY
Time exposure taken by Michigan deputy sheriff

NEW PLYMOUTH, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1966. Price Fourpence.

Wednesday, March 30, 1966

MYSTERY OBJECTS IN SKY

Three mystery objects were photographed in the pre-dawn darkness near New Plymouth on Sunday morning.

The photographs, which have baffled local experts, were taken by 35-year-old Brian Pollock from the bed-room of his Carringtom St. home.

"I thought I was seeing things," said Brian, telling the story of the weird objects last night.

"I woke up about 10 minutes to 4 and looked out of the window to see what the sky was like... I saw a light. Then there was over the power lines," he said, pointing in a south-east direction towards the intersection of Carringtom St, Piko Rd and Brooklands Rd.

"I got my camera and knew what it was - a sharp, and even if it was still burn-ing an hour later it would be as high as 20,000 feet.

"There is no explanation for it at all," said the duty forecaster. "And I don't believe in flying saucers."

Taruhua Rd sub-station operator, is convinced the objects were in the heavens.

The prints were developed by a New Plymouth chemist.

NO EXPLANATION

All theories on the New Plymouth Observatory, Mr. G. W. Dawes [illegible] no explanation. Bell Block Meteorological Station were also just as much in the dark.

They ruled out a meteor balloon because it was released at 4.50 a.m. on Sunday.


[Middle Left]

One Shot By Man In Maine

By United Press International

Air Force scientists who spend their time investigating reports of unidentified flying objects had their work cut out for them today.

Scores of persons, police and civilians, reported seeing the mysterious objects Thursday night in widely scattered sections of the country.

A Bangor, Maine, man told authorities he fired his pistol at a glowing object—and hit it.

"I could hear the strawberry bushes scraping as the thing came down," said John King, 22. He said he fired four shots and the object, he said it was about 60 feet long, zoomed skyward.

Police said King was visibly distraught when he related the incident to them.

The reports began a week ago in the Midwest, and from there have come the most numerous reports of sightings — more than 300 persons say they saw mysterious objects since Sunday. Four squad cars of deputies watched one for 45 minutes Thursday night in the Ann Arbor, Mich. area.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a Northwestern University astro-physicist who is chief investigator for the Air Force's Project Blu Book, is investigating the Michigan sighting reports. He said he expected to complete his investigation today, but would give no information how soon his report would be ready.

The mysterious night-flyers were spotted Thursday near Fairfield, Colo., not far from the buried $8 million North American Air Defense Command Post. Louis Di Palo, a local policeman, said he watched three of the objects through binoculars.

[Handwritten note]: Let's see the Air Force hush this one up!

THE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR Monday, May 2, 1966


[Middle Center]

AIRLINER DETOURS TO CHASE U.F.O.

DENVER, April 2 (UPI)—A Frontier Air Line plane interrupted its flight to Salt Lake City Friday night to check out a report of an unidentified flying object south of Denver.

The request for the UFO check was made by Lowry Air Force Base, which said it had received a number of telephone calls about objects over the area.

Warren Heckman of Denver, the pilot, said he spotted colored lights about 20 miles away. He said he closed to within about three miles when the lights, which seemed to be attached to a moving object, suddenly went down.

Ohio Police Trail UFO 86 Miles

CANTON, Ohio —UP— Hundreds of person reported sighting a "bright and shiny" object over eastern Ohio Saturday night, including police who said they played "tag" with it for 86 miles.

Reports also came from Air Force reserve pilots based at Youngstown who said they attempted to follow the object but that its speed—estimated at 100 miles an hour—was too slow for their jet fighters.

An East Palestine officer and Portage County Sheriff's Deputy W. L. Neff said they "played tag" with the mysterious object for 86 miles through eastern Ohio before losing it near Conway, Pa.

The Federal Aviation Agency at Pittsburgh, Pa., said its radar recorded nothing unusual.

Portland Oregon Journal March 21, 1966


[Middle Right]

THESE ARE THE OBJECTS photographed by 16-year-old Brian Pollock in the pre-dawn sky over New Plymouth on Sunday. At left are the mystery objects as he saw them, the centre photograph shows the circular shape to which they changed, and the shot at right was taken after the key had reverted back to their original form. They disappeared soon after this.

Hong Kong Standard, May 14, 1966

'Flying saucer' pics on show

FT. MONMOUTH, Fri. Pictures of a "flying saucer" taken by a 13-year-old boy have been released by the Army at Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey, and the Monmouth County Civil Defence Department.

The pictures were taken by Robert J. Salvo of Wall Township last March when a rash of unidentified flying objects was reported in New Jersey. The pictures show an elliptical shaped object with a nob sticking out of the middle of its top.

The youngster said he was walking his dog when "suddenly I heard a loud whistling, humming noise and thought it might be a plane."

"Then I looked up in the sky, which was partially cloudy that day," Robert said, "and I saw something diving out of a cloud, then over me, and it was pointing down as if watching me. It then shot back in the clouds like a bullet."

He said he quickly took some pictures of it as it disappeared into the clouds.

The Army made no comment on its details. — UPI

BRIAN POLLOCK


[Bottom Left]

Flying swamp gas?

Swamp gas or UFO? The civil defense director of Michigan's Hillsdale County has issued a report challenging an Air Force study which concludes that swamp gas caused the UFO sightings in the Hillsdale area in March 1966. William Van Horn said that, at the time of the sightings, it was too windy for swamp gas, and chemical analysis of soil and water disclosed an abnormally high amount of radiation and boron. Van Horn also released this photo of a UFO as it flew over Hillsdale County in July 1965.

(UPI Photo)

MONDAY MAY 16, 1966

Air Force UFO report refuted

HILLSDALE, Mich. (UPI) — The Hillsdale County civil defense director today issued a 24-page report challenging an Air Force investigator's conclusion that "swamp gas" caused UFO sightings here last March. He said it was too windy for swamp gas to form.

William Van Horn, who said he and 64 coeds at Hillsdale College watched an unidentified flying object hover outside a dormitory for four hours March 21, said the investigation by Dr. J. Allen Hynek and the Air Force was "very incomplete and merely a token appearance sort of act."

Hynek is a Northwestern University professor who investigates UFO sightings for the Air Force's "Project Blue Book" — the military study of UFO reports.

Van Horn said his report, in which he charged that Hynek spent only three hours investigating the Hillsdale sightings, resulted from a seven-week investigation by "my men and myself."

In the report, Van Horn attempted to refute Hynek's theory that swamp gas formed the mysterious object sighted by listing wind tables indicating there was too much wind that night for swamp gas to form.

He also said average monthly temperatures proved that the swamp gas could not form under the existing conditions.

The report included a detailed chemical report, made by two men described only as Kipling Vanenberg and Jerry Wilson, that concluded:

"The area contained an abnormally high amount of radiation from some unknown source. The area also strangely contained boron, which was found in both water and soil. These two facts are the only ones which would substantiate the presence of a UFO."

Vandenberg and Wilson said they tested soil, plants, and milk, obtaining 4,000 and the environment of the campus swamp land where the sightings occurred.

Bridgerton Evening News, 3-31-66

Another 'UFO' Is Sighted By Woman At Elmer

MILLVILLE — Another South Jersey resident reported seeing a strange, hovering white object in the sky in front of her car as she pulled into her yard on a suburban road not far from Elmer early Wednesday morning.

Mrs. Rosmary Ullrich said she noticed the big white "thing" in front of her car some distance in the air.

"At first I thought it wasn't anything," she said. "But after I turned my car, there it was again. What made me so sure that there must be something around was the way the dogs were barking. They never bark when I come home."


[Bottom Center]

40 See 'Flying Saucer'

Asks Probe of Flying Saucers
3-30-66

Ford Says U. S. Public Should Get Answers

By JOSEPH HEARST

WASHINGTON, March 29—Expressing a belief that the American public deserves a better explanation of reports of flying saucers and other unidentified flying objects, Republican House Leader Gerald R. Ford (Mich.) today formally requested a congressional investigation.

"I do not agree that all of these reports can or should be so easily explained away," Ford said in letters to the chairmen of the House armed services and space committees. "I think there may be substance to some of these reports."

Rep. L. Mendel Rivers (D., S.C.), head of the armed services committee, said that before he makes any decision he will consult with ranking committee members on Ford's request. Rep. George P. Miller (D., Cal.) said his space committee because it has jurisdiction over the air force.

Charge Facts Hidden

The Air Force has been in the business of investigating UFOs since 1948, and those who believe there is substance to the flying saucer report charge it has cloaked its findings in secrecy and engaged in ridiculing those who report sightings.

Ford, whose home state has been the scene of a rash of recent UFO reports, said the people are entitled to a more there explanation than has been given by the air force to anything we have.

An air force consultant who investigated some of the Michigan people were seeing swamp gas — he thought Congress should look into the reports he received numerous telegrams supporting his suggestion.

Head of Committee

Donald E. Keyhoe, a retired Marine corps major, now a director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private organization, says thousands of competent persons, including radar controllers, missile trackers, and qualified pilots, have sighted UFOs.

Keyhoe told a press conference yesterday that the committee has concluded that "these things are real and must be extraterrestrial because they are so superior to anything we have."

FIRST UFO SPOTTER

Police and five other persons who saw unidentified flying objects near Ann Arbor Mich., put together this composite drawing of what they sighted. Drawing, made

[Diagram of UFO with labels: "LIGHT", "LIGHT", "DUNTED SURFACE", "LIGHT", "ANTENA"]


[Bottom Right]

Toronto, Canada Telegram, March 28, 1966

Now those flying saucers come to Canadian skies

Those puzzling flying saucers invaded Canada last night.

Sightings were reported in Toronto, Hamilton, Sarnia, and Kitchener-Waterloo.

Two University of Toronto engineering students say they saw a bright, whirling object the circles the sky from their rooftop observatory at 11:30 p.m.

And Inglewood, Ont. man described a multi-colored object he saw briefly while driving north on Highway 10 to Caledon.

"It changed from a deep red or maroon to orange to dull yellow," he said.

"Then it flattened hazy and changed back to deep red again."

In Sarnia, 100 people watched a multi-colored object — officially an unidentified flying object — as it hovered for two hours over the Kettle Point area.

Lawrence Bressette, a storekeeper, said a motorist stopped and the saucer-shaped object to him about 8 p.m.

"I've never seen anything like this," Mr. Bressette said.

Maine 5-11-66

Auburn Police Report on UFO

Auburn police got another of those UFO reports last night.

At 9 o'clock the department received a call from Charles Ray of 80 Court St., who said he saw some kind of an object going through the sky over Minot Avenue.

He said it was colored red, green and white. No other details were available in the police report.


[Bottom Far Right]

BREWER Welcomes UFOs

LANDING SITES AVAILABLE

SIGNED... BARRY IVERS MAYOR

4-6-66

SIGNS OF THE TIMES are written at Brewer, Me. Brewer welcomes unidentified flying objects. A rash of them has been reported, from Brewer to Seattle. This sign is posted on South Main Street in Brewer, perhaps the first to officially welcome the visitors—if any. So far Brewer has had no takers, but still hopes that its enterprise will pay off.

QPPH CHASE
First UFO
4-18-66
- No Arrest

By RICHARD LEVESQUE

Provincial police appear to have registered their first flying saucer chase.

At 3 a.m. this morning two constables at Three Rivers reported to headquarters that they were chasing a luminous spherical object.

Constables Jacques Marcotte and Ronald Gagnier, said the object was moving 200 feet above the ground 100 yards off Lac Highway to the St. Lawrence River, near Pointe du Lac.

They chased the object for several minutes and then saw it "crash" in tidal flats.

The officers ran to the scene but could not find anything.

In alerting after police posts, the officers termed it an "unidentified flying object."

The officer in charge at Montreal headquarters said that police radio communications during the night had been tied due to an unusual amount of static.

He also said a newspaper truck driver had called him to report a "luminous fireball" had been following him in northeast Montreal. It was at the same time as the police sighting.

The driver said he passed through several areas on his delivery schedule because the "luminous fireball" followed his truck along the city streets. He tried to lose it by maneuvering around intersections but the object kept right after him.

"Finally, he said he couldn't see it anymore and returned to his normal route.

Dozens of unidentified flying objects have been occurring frequently throughout the province in the past few weeks.

ROBERT TAILOR, Dexter police chief, said he watched the object from Mannor's home on a knoll overlooking the 50-acre swamp about 12 miles northeast of here.

"I saw a red glow down in the swamp," Taylor said. "It was a pulsating bright red and then it grew dimmer. I saw the white-blue as it said saw that there was a light on each end of the thing."

Deputy Stanley McFadden said at least 40 persons saw the strange lights in the air or on the ground.

McFadden and Deputy David Fitzpatrick left their car and slogged through the swamp after watching the object rise to tree top level, then dart away and apparently vanish.

A crowd of 40 to 50 people watched it on the ground," McFadden said.
