[Handwritten in left margin: Awt]

[Top right: CONFIDENTIAL (crossed out) Declassified 8/31/7- HP]

Date: May 7, 1952

To: Director of Special Investigations
The Inspector General
Department of the Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

From: John Edgar Hoover, Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation

Subject: FRED J. EEKHOUT

On May 5, 1952, Fred J. Eekhout called at this Bureau and advised that he is General Manager of Mouton and Company, Printers, 5 Herderstraat, The Hague, Netherlands. He resides at 49 Stadhouderslaan, The Hague. He is residing at the Victoria Hotel, New York City, until May 16, 1952, when he will return to Europe.

Mr. Eekhout advised that he has a considerable interest in electronics and has been very much interested in reports circulated during the past year or two concerning the existence of flying saucers. He feels that there have been enough uncontradicted reports concerning such devices to indicate that they may exist in fact. He is also of the opinion that if they do exist they can be produced only by the United States or Russia or perhaps by the Republic of Argentina.

Mr. Eekhout indicated that he has given extensive thought to the manner in which these devices could be operated. He has concluded that since the disk shape is not suitable for conventional aircraft it would be used only because it would provide the greatest possible lifting surface. It is his opinion, therefore, that one of these devices could be operated only by reducing the air pressure above it which would cause it to rise in the air. He concedes that conventional machinery to cause such a reduction of pressure would be so bulky that its weight would prevent the device from leaving the ground. He concludes, therefore,

[Vertical stamp on right side: RECEIVED FBI MAY 7 5 PM 52]

[Bottom left list:]
Tolson
Ladd
Nichols
Belmont
Clegg
Glavin
Harbo
Rosen
Tracy
Mohr
Tele. Rm.
Nease
Candy

[Bottom left corner: 66 MAY 17 1952]

VHB:rdm

RECORDED - 65
INDEXED - 65
MAILED 16
MAY 8 1952
COMM-FBI

62-83894-273
MAY 10 1952
62
[Handwritten: VHB]
