Box 147
Black Mountain, N.C.
May 7, 1952

Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
c/o U. S. Dept. of Justice
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Hoover:

The motive of this letter is a sincere effort to help avoid
useless waste of life, time and money. It is written with full
respect to your pressing work, and to the ability of this
country's scientific experts.

Although your responsibilities may not be directly connected
with the intended text of this letter, I sincerely hope that
you will consider the possibilities, and forward the suggestions
to the proper authorities concerned.

For the past five years the general public has read, and bally-
hoed newspaper articles related to the "Flying Saucers", and
following the same trend of thought have ignored recent re-
ports made by persons of undisputed experience and intelligence.

The possibilities of this earth being visited by ships from
outer space have been lightly suggested by some, while others
believe the "objects" belong to some nation on this earth.
Granted that some such objects do even belong to this country,
it is obvious that we, nor any other nation possess and fail
to use, in time of war, such useful means as have been re-
ported by the balloon experts connected with General Mills, Inc.

I am sure that these suggestions will bear scientific inves-
tigation and that they are entirely probable. Similar to
Columbus and the egg - they may not have been given due con-
sideration.

These "objects" of undetermined origin" (not to be confused
with our controlled weather balloons, etc.) are in all prob-
ability operated by the absorption, compression, and con-
trolled emission of the sun's energy (basically electricity).
As such, they probably carry a potential charge which is past
our imagination. An earthly object approaching too close to
the O.U.O. would have the same effect as grounding a high-
tension wire, with the total destruction of both objects as
a likely result.

Assuming that some of these objects are from outer space, we
would certainly benefit considerably by establishing contact
with them, where as, if such a nation as Russia should ac-
quire this knowledge before us we would certainly suffer as
a result

[Handwritten in right margin]: R

[Handwritten in bottom left]:
aml
ack 5-13-52
Die

[Stamped in bottom center]:
RECORDED - 46
EX - 4
MAY 20 1952

[Stamped/Written in bottom right]:
162-83894-274
[Handwritten signature/initials]: [illegible]
