[Redacted]
Declassified 2040 9/9/77 A[illegible]

Awk [Handwritten in left margin]

Date: May 15, 1952
To: Director of Special Investigations
The Inspector General
Department of the Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

From: John Edgar Hoover, Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation

Subject: FLYING DISKS REPORTEDLY SEEN
IN VICINITY OF SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT
ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION

The Savannah Office of this Bureau has been informed that at approximately 10:45 p.m., May 10, 1952, four employees of the DuPont Company employed in the Savannah River Plant near Ellenton, South Carolina, saw four disk shaped objects approaching "the four hundred area" from the south which disappeared in a northerly direction. At approximately 11:05 p.m. on the same date the above-mentioned employees saw two similar objects approach from the south and disappear in a northerly direction. At approximately 11:10 p.m. a similar object was seen by these employees approaching from the north-east and disappearing in a southwesterly direction. A similar object was also sighted about 11:15 pm traveling from south to north by the same employees.

The disks were described by the above-mentioned employees as being approximately fifteen inches in diameter and yellow to gold in color. All of the objects were allegedly traveling at a high rate of speed and at a high altitude without any noise. The disk shaped objects referred to above which approached "the four hundred area" from a northeasterly direction was reportedly traveling at such a low altitude it had to rise to pass over some tall tanks which are in "the four hundred area." The employees referred to above advised the objects were weaving from left to right but seemed to hold a general course. According to these persons because of the speed at which the objects were traveling they were only visible for a few seconds.

Tolson
Ladd
Nichols
Belmont
Clegg
Glavin
Harbo
Rosen
Tracy
Laughlin
Mohr
Tele. Rm.
Holloman
Candy

RECORDED 38
INDEXED 38
62-83894-276
SECURITY INFORMATION
COMM - FBI 17
MAY 15 1952
MAILED 25
69 MAY 29 1952
EHM:awy
