[redacted] INFORMATION - [redacted]

Mr. CORBIN, during the course of the interview, made no mention of GEORGE or JOHN MASON, and when specifically questioned with regards to the two above individuals, he said that he did not recall either.

6. On 10 May 1952 the records of the FBI Field Office, [handwritten slash through "Baltimore"] Baltimore, Maryland, were reviewed and reflected that DONALD FRANKLIN STEWART, 224 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was questioned for illegal wearing of the Navy uniform in July 1948. Records also reflect that STEWART was a member of the U. S. Naval Reserve and the investigation was discontinued as no violation. These records also reflect that STEWART was fired from the Baltimore Supply Company, Baltimore, Maryland, for placing a decal of the hammer and sickle and red star on the door of a Baltimore Supply Company truck. This act was committed on 30 July 1948. The FBI Field Office records reflect no records of ULIUS LOUIS AMOSS and no derogatory information on LOUIS E. CORBIN, No information concerning reports of unconventional aircraft sighted during the past two (2) years were on record at the FBI Field Office.

7. Mr. DONALD FRANKLIN STEWART was interviewed at his residence, 224 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, on 10 May 1952, and with reference to the incident in instant case, he related in substance as follows:

STEWART, accompanied by his friend, GEORGE TYLER, were returning to Baltimore from Glenn Burnie, Maryland, via the Ritchie Highway, on 29 March 1952. They were in a 1949 Anglia Vampire, an English car, and were proceeding in a northerly direction, having just left a Howard Johnson Restaurant adjacent to the intersection of Ritchie Highway and U. S. Highway #301. While approximately opposite a harness track five hundred (500) yards north of the above named intersection, STEWART related, he observed a strange looking aircraft appearing on the horizon ahead of his automobile. STEWART described the aircraft as being a flat disk with a cupola or dome in the center of one side. He described the dome as having what appeared to be a small porthole on one side and the shadowy outline of what appeared to be a "hatch, similar to those found on a ship". He stated that this craft approached his vehicle from a northeasterly direction and hovered above his automobile.

He further described the object as being of a luminous silver color and emitting bright lights around the edges similar to neon tubing of high brilliance. He stated that at the time the incident occurred he had in the rear seat of his vehicle a Thompson sub-machine gun with which weapon he left the automobile and walked around the car several times debating as to whether or not he should fire upon the aircraft. He advised that his companion, TYLER, remained in the automobile and had pleaded with him not to discharge the weapon for fear of retaliation from the aircraft. Mr. STEWART declined to comment as to the origin, present whereabouts, or owner of the above named weapon.

4

~~SECURITY INFORMATION -- CONFIDENTIAL~~
