SECURITY INFORMATION--CONFIDENTIAL

cloudy, NNW winds - twelve (12) miles per hour; winds aloft at one
thousand (1000) feet, NNW - sixteen (16) miles per hour.

5. On 10 May 1952 Mr. LOUIS E. CORBIN was interviewed at radio
station WFER in Baltimore, Maryland, and stated in substance as follows:

Mr. CORBIN advised that he had received information in the
latter part of April to the effect that a DONALD F. [red ink X over F] STEWART, residing
at 224 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, had, while accompanied by
[red ink line through name] Mr. GEORGE S. TYLER III, observed a strange appearing aircraft on
29 March 1952. Mr. CORBIN indicated that the source of his information
had been a newspaper reporter for one of the local newspapers, whose
name he did not divulge. CORBIN related that he had for some time been
interested in the "flying saucer situation", and that it had been his
intention to write a documentary program for broadcast concerning that
subject. He said further that inasmuch as the above incident was the
first one to be brought to his attention within that area, he determined
to investigate it.

On 24 April 1952 CORBIN interviewed Mr. DONALD F. STEWART and
ascertained that he was employed as a clerk by the Baltimore & Ohio
Railroad. He further ascertained that the date of observation was
29 March 1952; place, Ritchie Highway near the harness track; time,
10:45 PM; weather, clear; moon and stars out; approximate length of
observation, two (2) minutes; estimated altitude, two hundred (200)
feet. CORBIN obtained the details of the incident and set them down
in a chronological order. A photostatic reproduction of the information
obtained in that interview is being forwarded as an inclosure to this
report. CORBIN also interviewed Mr. GEORGE S. TYLER III relative to the
above incident and made a similar writing, a photostatic reproduction of
which is being forwarded as an inclosure to this report.

CORBIN advised the writer that he was acquainted with the
editor of a civilian intelligence bulletin, Mr. ULIUS LOUIS AMOSS, to
whom he communicated the above information. Mr. CORBIN further advised
that he would not release any of the information publicly and did not
intend to do so until such time as the authorities completed investiga-
tion of the incident. CORBIN related that when he had called the Anne
Arundel County Police they had informed him that they had had numerous
reports of that nature but had passed them off as harmless. CORBIN
stated that he had had a friend of his, RAYMOND FOX, conduct a scientific
examination of STEWART's automobile for the purpose of determining any
unusual characteristics which might have been present. CORBIN advised
that he was not a reserve CIC officer; however, he related that he had
been an intelligence officer with the staff of General GEORGE S. PATTON
in Europe and that he presently holds an inactive reserve commission as
lieutenant colonel, 0-375086.

3

SECURITY INFORMATION--CONFIDENTIAL
