SECURITY INFORMATION -- ~~CONFIDENTIAL~~

above incident he had been engaged in distributing campaign literature with reference to the above campaigning in Glenn Burnie, Maryland, and was returning to Baltimore when he observed the aircraft. During the course of the above interview STEWART appeared calm and answered all questions without hesitation and when subjected to requestioning, did not change his statements in any particular.

AT BALTIMORE, MARYLAND

8. Mr. LOUIS GITEOS, 228 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed on 10 May 1952, and stated that he has known STEWART all his life and has found no fault with him. GITEOS advised that STEWART comes from a good family and he would recommend him for a position of trust. GITEOS stated that he does not believe STEWART has ever been in trouble with the police.

9. Miss MARY HOOVER, 226 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed on 10 May 1952 and stated that STEWART "shoots a lot of bull", usually bragging about himself and his accomplishments. Outside of talking too much, HOOVER believes that STEWART is honest, makes a good impression, does not drink, a good worker, and loyal to the government. She would recommend STEWART for a position of trust, but stated that she did not believe he could keep a secret.

10. Mrs. LOUIS GITEOS, 228 Warren Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed on 10 May 1952 and stated that STEWART talks too much and likes to exaggerate. Other than that, Mrs. GITEOS would recommend STEWART for a position of trust. She considers him honest, loyal, and a good boy.

11. Mr. RAYMOND FOX, Project Engineer, Engineering Department, Radioactive Detection Division, Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed on the Maryland Yacht Club on 10 May 1952, and advised that during the latter part of April 1952 he examined the automobile described in the above paragraph with a geiger counter and could detect no radioactive reaction. He also stated that he examined the engine and all working parts of the automobile and was unable to detect any unusual defects or characteristics. He stated that the automobile had been repainted and that he was inclined to dis-believe the incident as it was related to him.

AT FERNDALE, MARYLAND

12. On 10 May 1952 Officer J. L. GAVIN, Anne Arundel County Police Department, Ritchie Highway Sub-Station, advised that the only report relative to instant investigation that he was aware of as being received by the department was purported to have been an observation during the latter part of March by the bridge keeper, Curtis Bay Bridge, Curtis Bay, Maryland. Officer GAVIN volunteered that the proximity of that area to the Aberdeen Proving Grounds resulted in frequent noises of explosions

6

SECURITY INFORMATION -- ~~CONFIDENTIAL~~
