On April 17, 1950, Mr. Rhodes advised the Phoenix Office that True Magazine would like to secure the photographs which he had made available to Air Force Intelligence. At that time Rhodes was referred to OSI, Fourth Air Force Base, San Francisco, California, since they had been made available to this agency by the Phoenix Office on August 30, 1947.

By letter dated June 8, 1949, the Phoenix Office advised the Bureau that on the previous day Mr. Lynn C. Aldrich, OSI representative, Phoenix, Arizona, called the Phoenix Office stating he had been requested by his superiors in San Francisco to obtain detailed information concerning the negatives since Rhodes had requested their return. Aldrich pointed out that Fugate's recollection on the matter was "hazy." OSI requested and was given with Bureau approval a memorandum setting out the information related above concerning this matter. (62-83894, Serials 80, 184, and 225)

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

On June 4, 1952, Mr. [handwritten red X over "Fred"] Fred Blumenthal, in the office of Drew Pearson, called and talked with Special Agent Wick. Blumenthal stated Pearson had been in contact with the captioned individual concerning photographs which Rhodes had taken of flying discs in the Phoenix area in July of 1947. Blumenthal stated the subject told Pearson the FBI borrowed his negatives and when he asked for their return the FBI told him the negatives were not available. Blumenthal inquired whether there was any truth to Rhodes' statement and what the Bureau knew concerning him. It appeared that Pearson was interested in using the photographs on his television program and was desirous of borrowing them from the Bureau or having them returned to the subject.

Mr. Blumenthal was advised by Wick that the FBI did not have in its possession the negatives referred to by Mr. Rhodes and in fact Rhodes knew full well the FBI turned them over to Air Force Intelligence representatives, Fourth Air Force, Hamilton Field, California, on August 30, 1947, with the understanding he might never have them returned.

Blumenthal was advised the FBI did not investigate this matter, did not investigate Rhodes, and had no interest whatsoever in the matter other than to accompany the representative from Hamilton Field while interviewing Rhodes. Blumenthal was told that for these reasons, of course, we had no information concerning the reliability of Rhodes.

- 2 -
