(?) SECRET (NOFORN)                       No. 1 MASTER OZ.
CLASSIFICATION     (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)     of 2 MASTERS
                     SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY                 REPORT NO.               PAGE   4   OF   9   PAGES
US AIR ATTACHE                     IR 193-55
first flying object and recognized it as something drastically different
rushing in to get Mr. Efron and Col. Hathaway to see it. Col. Hathaway
stated that he got to the window with the Senator in time to see the first
while Mr. Efron said that he got only a short glimpse of the first due to
crowding. However all three saw the second disc and all agreed that they
saw the same round, disc shaped aircraft which was the same as the first.)
 11. "The take-off area was about one mile away, maybe a little
further." (Searchlights were located in the same area.)
 12. "There were two lights towards the inside of the disc which
remained stationary as the outer surface went around." (Both agreed firmly
on this point.) "The lights sat near the top of the disc." (If a line
representing the diameter of the disc were divided into three segments, the
lights would have been located at the two points of division between the
middle segment and the two outside segments ie.
see sketch drawn with aid of Mr Efron:
           RELATIVE POSITION           OF 2 LIGHTS 13. "The aircraft was circular." "The aircraft was round." "The
aircraft resembled a flying saucer." "It seemed to be the shape of a discus,
round and circular- revolving clockwise or to the right." (It was definitely
round or at least circular in the eyes of these two observers, containing no
protrusions or "sticks" or bulges. No estimate could be obtained from either
observer re thickness or diameter.
 14. " There was no noticable color" (It was stated that dusk
prevented any color impressions.)
 15. "After reaching 2000 meters, it whipped off at a great speed
from our left to our right, or towards the north from the south." (Speed
differential was very noticable between ascent and level flight speed.)
 16. "We could see the take-off on the horizen to our left or south
of our train."
 17. "Outer part revolved slowly to right." (There seemed to be a
different impression of the disc's movement while climbing and after assuming
level flight, with the terms "revolving slowly" used for the climb and the
term "whirring" for the cruising flight.
 18. "The disc rose in the same position as it was in when it sped
away." The flying attitude of the flying disc was said to resemble a discus in
flight.)
USAIRA COMMENT: I believe that further debriefing of all three
US observers in a more relaxed atmosphere and with more time would
produce much more valuable technical details than the hurried interview
above.
PART B. OBSERVATIONS AT BAKU.
 A long RR train comprised of flat cars was seen outside of BAKU.
Each flatcar had one landing craft which was described by Col. Hathaway
as being platoon size, with a slot in the rear for an outboard engine
and the tops of the boats covered with canvas. Men were seen in the
vicinity wearing a unique uniform which he could not recognize. One
jet aircraft was seen flying high over Baku, too high for any type of
identification. The party landed at Baku by aircraft, the civilian airfield
being located an hour from the city.
 A military airfield
WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the
Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an
unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force
Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.
AF FORM 112a     REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART II,
OCT 52           WHICH MAY BE USED.
CLASSIFICATION     (?)
(SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 16-68470-1
NW 91377 (?)
DocId:34749008 Page 5