[redacted] SECRET (NOFORN)
(SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

NO. 1 MASTER 02.
OF 2 MASTERS

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

| ORIGINATING AGENCY | REPORT NO. | PAGE |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| US AIR ATTACHE | IR 193-55 | 3 OF 9 PAGES |

because of the absence of security precautions but suggested that we meet early the next morning in my office together with Col. Thomas Dooley, the USA Army Attache. Lt. Col. Hathaway said he was anxious to report his observation and that he had witnesses, fortunately, in Sen. Russell and Mr. Efron.

We met at 0900 on 13 Oct. in the larger office of the Army Attache and prodeeded with the debriefing amid adequate safeguards for talking. Present were: Lt. Col. Hathaway, Mr. Efron, Col. Dooley and myself. Col. Dooley and I took notes and provided paper for sketches. Sen. Russell was busy with the Chief of Mission and was unable to attend. Due to the departure time of the group, we were unable to spend more than one hour talking, the interview ending about 1000. Col. Hathaway did most of the explaining and answering with Mr. Efron supplementing and adding support.

Lt Col. Hathaway proved to be an excellent observer and Mr. Efron had kept detailed notes which he referred to for times and places.

Hathaway led off with "I doubt if you're going to believe this but we all saw it. Sen. Russell was the first to see this flying saucer and he called us to the window, and we both saw the second one (pointing to EFRON who nodded yes). We've been told for years that there isn't such a thing but all of us saw it, including Sen. Russell." It was emphasized that Sen. Russell saw the first flying saucer or flying disc ascend and pass over the train on a northerly course, taking off from the left side of the train's direction, which places the take-off area on the south side of the RR line on which they were travelling.

I stated that I don't disbelieve anything after having been in Czechoslovakia for 17 months. The following raw notes are quoted with my additional comments after:

1. "Two flying saucer type aircraft were seen between two railway station stops after we left BAKU."
2. "It was after we left ALYATY, we were there at 1900 and we saw the aircraft at 1910. The next place we saw was ADZHIBABUL." (Efrons notes.)
3. "They took off straight up and then the speed increased greatly as they moved straight ahead, horizontally, and disappeared to the right of the train." (Questioning revealed that the angle of ascent was not exactly "straight up" but rather in a slight arc just off the vertical line.)
4. "The whole object whirred and then levelled and zoomed off at very high speed." (Questioning revealed that the outer surface of the object revolved slowly in a clockwise direction or to the right, with the rate of ascent being relatively slow in comparison to the high speed which the object took off at when it reached altitude.)
5. "The take off was at an angle to about 2000 meters." (Both objects were said to have ascended almost vertically to an approximate altitude of 6000 feet before sharply increasing speed in level flight.)
6. "They were seen out of window on left side of train."
7. "Two searchlight were seen pointing at an angle near where the saucer took off." (The angle was nearly vertical and evidently, I gathered, that the angle of one searchlight beam was nearly vertical approximating the arc which the disc ascended to 6000 feet, while the second searchlight beam was pointing at another spot. Lack of time prevented complete clarification of the searchlight beams. Dusk was falling at the time of sighting.)
8. "Some sparking or flame came out bottom as craft rose."
9. "After we saw the two discs, the Soviet trainmen became excited, closing curtains and telling us that we were not allowed to look out of windows." (The behavior of the trainmen was such as to indicate that the US passengers had seen something that they were not supposed to see.)
10. "Approximately one minute elapsed between the first and second takeoffs of the aircraft." (It was explained that Sen Russell had seen the

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794. This transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

AF FORM 1 OCT 52 112a REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART II, 1 JUN 48, WHICH MAY BE USED.
SECRET
(SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 16-68470-1

NW 91377
DocId:34749008 Page 4
