R E S T R I C T E D

S-T-A-T-M-E-N-T

I, Staff Sergeant Ira L. Livingston, RA 14 153 972, Air Corps, have approximately 250 hours flying time as pilot and Armorer Gunner have the following statement to make concerning the appearance of "Flying Discs" in the vicinity of Birmingham, Alabama.

At 2045 hours, 6 July 1947, while I was eating supper at my residence at 1354 Meadow Lane, Green Acres, Birmingham, Alabama, my next door neighbor, Mr. Herman M. Sookwell, called for me to come to the front door that there were some "Flying Discs" outside. Immediately I went out in the front yard to observe the objects. The objects appeared to the West of Birmingham traveling in a South Eastern direction. They appeared to be approximately 2000 feet above the horizon at a 45 degree angle from where I was standing at an un-estimated distance away. The objects appeared to be approximately two (2) feet in diameter, round in shape, producing a dim glow of light and traveling at an estimated speed of five (5) to six (6) hundred miles per hour. The objects or object appeared to be traveling in a definite arc rather than straight and as soon as one was out of sight another would appear behind it, but not always in the same path. I saw one that seemed to come straight up. The view of where it came from was obstructed by a nearby house; and when it reached the altitude of approximately 2000feet, it started off in the same direction as the others. I did not at any time see any more than one at the time and even though there could have been only one, my personal belief is that there were seven (7) to ten (10). The Discs were silent and appeared to be composed of a single light.

[Signature: Ira L. Livingston]
Ira L. Livingston
Staff Sergeant, RA 14 153 972

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of July 1947.

[Signature: James L. MacFarlane]
JAMES L. MACFARLANE
1st Lt. AC
Asst Adj.

R E S T R I C T E D

2 of 4                                                                           6
