RESTRICTED.

~~CONFIDENTIAL~~
Classification cancelled or changed to Restricted authority of CC, AD-ATC
[Signature] (Name) [Signature] (Rank) 6 Aug 47 (Date)

FINAL REPORT OF SIGHTING

1. Organization : 1388th AAF Base Unit
   APO 864, c/o Postmaster, New York, N.Y.

2. Sighting : Flying Disc or other airborne object.

3. Place : Codroy, Newroundland, 59°03' W Long.; 47°50' N Lat.

4. Time : 0030Z hours, 11 July 1947.

5. Altitude : Approximately 6,000 feet.

6. Weather : Clear; at dusk.

7. Heading : From northwest heading eastward.

8. Speed : Very high velocity.

9. Shape & Size: Disc shaped; was reported as being the size of a barrel-head, dinner-plate and size of a plane that is flying high. The trail gave the whole object the appearance of a cone.

10. Color : Flame colored with a trail of a lighter flame color.

11. Reported by : Mr. John Legge, Mr. Wm. Evans and Albert Samms of Codroy, Newfoundland.

12. General : Mr. Legge and Mr. Evans were standing outside Mr. Legge's store when they both sighted the object. Both men stated that the disc was very bright with an after-glow which made the object look like a cone. It was a very clear night. In spite of the high velocity of the flying object, they said they could not possibly have mistaken it for a plane or a falling star. Besides the two men, the object was sighted by Albert Samms; he reported what he had seen to his mother. Mrs. Samms stated that Albert was in no way alarmed about it, he was alone and on his way home when he sighted it, and watched it while it was in sight. Albert was quite convinced from the color and behaviour of the object that it was not a plane, but definately some flying object.

    The informant, Mr. Legge, is believed to be reliable. He is a man of approximately forty; has had considerable experience as foreman of Buchans Mine, Newfoundland, where he was in charge of three hundred men. During the war, Mr. Legge was a mamber of a civilian volunteer Air Detection Corps. With that background, Mr. Legge stated that he felt sure that the object he had seen was something new which he had never seen before.

RESTRICTED

~~CONFIDENTIAL~~

encl 2
