RESTRICTED

CONFIDENTIAL

Classification cancelled by authority of CC AD-ATC [signature] 6 Dec 47

FINAL REPORT OF SIGHTING

1. Organization: 1388th AAF Base Unit
   APO 864, c/o Postmaster, New York, N.Y.

2. Sighting: Flying Disc or other Airborne Object.

3. Place: On board Steamship "BURGEO" enroute from Sydney, Nova Scotia to Port aux Basques, Newfoundland, about one hour out from Sydney.

4. Time: 0015Z 20 July 1947.

5. Altitude: 30° off the horizon at an estimated quarter mile range.

6. Weather: Clear and dark.

7. Heading: NNE (30° East of True North) on horizontal plane.

8. Speed: High velocity, stated to be faster than a tracer bullet.

9. Description: Observers did not see the object, they saw its flashes and all four observers agreed there were four (4) or five (5) flashes approximately one (1) second apart and equidistant. The flashes were said to be silvery to reddish in color, and were described by two observers to be like those of a Fire Fly only larger and at equal intervals, and did not look like a shooting star or airplane.

10. Reported by: Messrs Maitland, Larkin, Douglas and Hamilton of Hamilton, Metcalfe and Kansas City Bridge Companies which concern is doing the construction at Harmon Field.

11. General: The four gentlemen (noted in Par.10) and Captain Gullage, Master of the "Burgeo", were standing on the starboard deck, and as the Captain was trying to describe a previous sighting, he saw the flashes; the other four gentlemen also saw them as described herein, and believed that it was not a meteorite or airplane because of its speed, color, and evenly spaced discharges or flashes.

    Captain Gullage told the four gentlemen that he had seen the same thing at approximately the same time and location (ship's position) on the evening of 15 July 1947, except at that time, the object or flashes were traveling faster and frequently changing course (he said it changed course abruptly several times) and was headed generally to the

RESTRICTED

CONFIDENTIAL

Incl 3                                                                                                                                                            13
