ep

RESTRICTED

After having been advised of my rights and privileges under the 24th Article of War, I, JAMES H. BURNISTON, Captain, Air Corps, 0-567517, Second Air Transport Wing (Provisional), Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Base, Fairfield, California, do hereby make this voluntary statement to Captain William J. Frazier, Jr., and Sgt. Tommy Stewart, whom I know to be members of the Intelligence Office. I make the following statement of my own free will, not under duress, promise of reward or immunity:

On Sunday, July the sixth, at Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Base, while in the company of my wife, Mrs. James H. Burniston, I saw an object traveling from northwest to southeast at an estimated height of 10,000 feet or above at an excessive rate of speed estimated to be faster than any type of aircraft seen by me flown at that approximate altitude. This object was in sight for approximately sixty seconds, during which time it traveled approximately three-quarters the distance of the visible sky. No shape or definite color could be distinguished, the object rolled from side to side three times in its path across the sky. At one time the top of the object could be seen, when the sun reflected strongly from its surface in a flash; and at other times the bottom of the object could be seen, with no reflection from the sun. The estimated size at that height could be compared to that of an aircraft of the type C-54. Between viewing the top of the object and what appeared to be the bottom, there was a period when it was hard to see, or it would almost disappear.

As far as shape is concerned, there was no way of recognizing shape, due to the speed of the object and its motion through the air. Sight of this object was lost when it disappeared at an angle of about thirty degrees above the earth's surface.

I cannot attribute any sound to this object, because of the noise of a distant aircraft engine.

The approximate time was verified by my wife as being less than one minute, during which time it was in sight.

As to the identity of this object, it was not the shape of any type aircraft known to the undersigned. There was no shape of wings or fuselage. The object was noticed at first by the sun's reflecting off its surface and then the speed at which it was traveling.

[Signature: James H. Burniston]
James H. Burniston
Captain, Air Corps

(10) [Circled]

Received AFBIR-CO
23 July 47

RESTRICTED

103
