by Denis Letty,
Air Force General, 2nd Section, AA (35)
The accumulation of well-documented sightings made by credible witnesses forces us
to consider from now on all of the hypotheses regarding the origin of unidentified flying
objects, or UFOs, and the extraterrestrial hypothesis, in particular.  UFOs are now a part
of our media environment; the films, television broadcasts, books, advertisements, etc.,
dealing with UFOs amply demonstrate this.
Although no characterized threat has been perceived to date in France, it seemed
necessary to the former auditors of the Institut des Hautes Etudes de Défense Nationale
(IHEDN) to take stock of the subject.  Along with qualified experts from extremely varied
backgrounds, they are grouped together to form a private in-depth fact-finding committee,
which was christened COMETA.
This committee was transformed into a COMETA association, which I chair.  I would
like to thank General Bernard Norlain, former director of IHEDN, and Mr. André Lebeau,
former chairman of the Centre National d’Etudes Spatiales, without whom COMETA
would not have been born.
In addition, I wish to acknowledge the various people who agreed to give their
testimony or to contribute to this study, and namely:
Jean-Jacques Vélasco, Head of SEPRA at CNES,
François Louange, Chief Executive Officer of Fleximage,
Jean-Charles Duboc, Jean-Pierre Fartek, René Giraud, civilian and military
pilots,
Edmond Campagnac, former technical director of Air France at Antananarivo,
Michel Perrier, Squadron Commander, Gendarmerie Nationale
M. Soun, of the Direction Générale de l’Aviation Civile [Civil Aviation Agency]
Joseph Domange, Air Force General, Auditors Association delegate general.
I must also thank the commander of the Air Force Air Operations Command Center for
its participation during the investigation into flight AF 3532 on January 28, 1994.
Among the members of COMETA who spared no effort for close to three years, it is
possible for me to list:
Michel Algrin, State Doctor of Political Science, attorney-at-law, AA (35), (1)
Pierre Bescond, Weapons Engineer General, 2nd Section, AA (48),
Denis Blancher, Chief of Police, Police Nationale, Ministry of the Interior,
Jean Dunglas, Doctor of Engineering (Ret.), in Water and Forestry Management AR
(48)
Bruno Le Moine, Air Force General, 2nd Section, AA (41),
Françoise Lépine, Fondation pour les Etudes de Défense [Foundation for Defense
Studies], AA (33),
Christian Marchal, Chief Mining Engineer, Research Director at ONERA
[National Aerospace Study and Research Office],
Marc Merlo, Admiral, 2nd Section, AA (35),
Alain Orszag, Doctor of Physical Sciences, Weapons Engineer General, 2nd
Section.