worldwide includes the description of 489 well-documented cases of aeronautical UAP D
sightings the sources of which were duly verified.  Most of the information on these
aeronautical UAP Ds is drawn from official sources, government authorities, the Air
Forces of different States, or agencies like SEPRA.
This list offers a classification according to criteria with respect to the quality of the
sighting.  It ranges from simple visual sightings, describing the specific performances or
maneuvers of the phenomenon observed (speed, acceleration, maneuverability, silence,
etc.), to more elaborate sightings, mentioning environmental disturbances caused by the
aeronautical UAP Ds, such as radio interference or radar jamming, navigation instrument
malfunctions, or physical effects on the crew (heat, blinding, etc.).
Between 1947 and 1969, that is(-) during the time of the U.S. Air Force Blue Book
Project on UFOs, 363 sightings were identified.  1952 is the year in which the greatest
number of sightings were recorded: 68.  A total of 63 countries are cited as having been
the scene of at least one aeronautical sighting.
7.5.3 “Radar/Visual” Cases Worldwide
“Radar/visual” cases are those in which a visual sighting is associated with an onboard
radar and/or ground radar detection.  It is noted that:
- the first sightings in Japan and the USSR date back to 1948,
- 30 of the 68 countries cited in the list reported “radar/visual” cases,
- of the 489 cases in the report, 101 were “radar/visual” cases (21%),
- of the 363 cases in the Blue Book report, 76 were “radar/visual” cases (21%),
- in 1952, 16 out of 68 cases were “radar/visual” cases (23.52%).
In conclusion, we can clearly establish that from 1942 to 1995, at least 500 well-
documented and recognized aeronautical UAP D sightings were identified throughout the
world, nearly 20% of which were “radar/visual” cases.  They furnish proof of a physical
reality of phenomena that exhibited paradoxical maneuvers.
7.6 The Physical Reality of UAP Ds
7.6.1 An Initial Report as Early as September 1947 in the United States
We have seen that the work of GEPAN/SEPRA showed that there was an entire
category of rare physical phenomena occurring at varying frequency that could not be
classified as known natural or artificial phenomena.  These phenomena, UAP Ds, which
we have highlighted, both in the aeronautical sphere (military and civilian aeronautical
cases) and close to the ground (cases of close encounters), support other cases of well-
documented sightings that have been verified by official authorities throughout the world.
It is interesting to note that as early as November [sic] 1947, right at the start of the very
first wave of modern UFO sightings, in the United States, General Twining, head of the
Air Material Command, drafted a report on “flying disks,” the conclusions of which are
very explicit:
1. The phenomenon reported is something real; .and not visionary or fictitious
2. Disk-shaped objects .the size of which is comparable to that of our aircraft do exist.
3. It is possible that some sightings correspond to natural phenomena.
4. The very high rate-of-climb observed, the maneuverability, and the escape