# National Aviation Reporting Center for Anomalous Phenomena
(NARCAP)

The *National Aviation Reporting Center for Anomalous Phenomena* (NARCAP) is a national organization, established in November of 2000, and is dedicated to the advancement of aviation safety issues as they apply to Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP).

NARCAP investigates aviation related reports of aerial encounters with lights or objects that seem inconsistent with known categories of aircraft and common natural phenomena. These lights or objects are reported to appear in a variety of colors and shapes. Pilots, air traffic controllers and radar operators report that these lights or objects closely approach aircraft. Encounters with these lights or objects, UAP, have a demonstrated a variety of safety related effects on pilots, crew, cockpit discipline and *on-board instrumentation*.

NARCAP Chief Scientist Dr. Richard F. Haines has compiled a catalogue of over 3400 aviation related UAP cases. He has conducted a comprehensive review of UAP reports by U.S. air traffic controllers and pilots from the past 50 years. A result of this effort is Richard's paper "Aviation Safety in America- A Previously Neglected Factor". It contains analyses of over one hundred reports of UAP involved in near misses, close pacing, disrupted avionics, and collisions. These events were reported by US military aviators, civil aviation professionals, private pilots, and by foreign aircrews operating in US airspace.

NARCAP has no basis for conjecture regarding the true nature or source of these lights and objects. It is the NARCAP position that certain unidentified aerial phenomena have an effect on aviation safety that can be quantified. It is the intention of this organization to develop a body of data that will stand up to scientific scrutiny and serve as a basis for understanding this phenomenon.

It is our hope that aviation professionals will recognize the importance of this work and contact NARCAP with their reports of encounters with UAP. Often, though not always, reporters are concerned about their confidentiality. We are not associated with the FAA or other government agencies, or the airlines. With regards to employers, the FAA, and the media, we have a process in place to ensure that confidentiality is protected.

For more information contact:

| | |
| :--- | :--- |
| Ted Roe, Executive Director | (831) 338-4783 |
| Or email | admin@narcap.org |
| Or go to Our Website | www.narcap.org |
| To report UAP encounters call | (800) 732-3666 |

1
