UNCLASSIFIED

example the auditing commission, tasked with reviewing party expenditures), the pro-MORENA bloc still does not have a majority in them. Notably, the complaints committee (tasked with analyzing electoral violations and which previously had a pro-MORENA majority) now has an anti-MORENA majority.

(SBU) Mexico City Security Secretary Steps Down, Might Run for Head of Government

5. (SBU) After expressing interest in a possible run for Mexico City head of government last week (ref A), Mexico City Security Secretary Omar Garcia Harfuch resigned September 9, saying in a video he would "collaborate with Claudia Sheinbaum, who with her vision and leadership will give continuity to the country's transformation." Mexico City's constitution requires officials with a role in police forces to step down before the electoral process begins (September 10) if they intend to run for public office in the city. Garcia Harfuch leads potential MORENA and opposition candidates in almost every poll.

(SBU) Pablo Vazquez Becomes Mexico City's New Security Secretary

6. (SBU) Mexico City Head of Government Marti Batres announced September 9 Under Secretary of Citizen Participation and Crime Prevention Pablo Vazquez Camacho would replace Garcia Harfuch as Security Secretary. Vazquez has worked four years for Mexico City's Secretariat of Citizen Security (SSC). In his role as Under Secretary, Vazquez implemented and coordinated violence prevention and reintegration programs, including the "Cease Fire" program to reduce gun violence and homicides and the "Reconnect" program to prevent recidivism in first time criminal offenders, according to media outlets Milenio and La Silla Rota. Prior to SSC, Vazquez worked for the federal Security Secretariat (SSPC) and in the then-Prosecutor's General Office. Outside of government, he has been a guest criminology professor at the National Institute of Criminal Sciences in Mexico City. Vazquez has a bachelor's degree in international relations from the Mexico Autonomous Institute of Technology and a master's degree in criminology from the London School of Economics and Political Science, according to press reports. La Silla Rota reported Vazquez also studied organized crime in Sicily and Macedonia.

[Released in Full]

UNCLASSIFIED                                                                    Page 3 of 7
