0-19 (Rev. 10-29-57)

[Handwritten: A]

Tolson
Boardman
Belmont
Mohr
Nease
Parsons
Rosen
Tamm
Trotter
Clayton
Tele. Room
Holloman
Gandy

[Handwritten: Dothoe]
[Handwritten: Sapphires]

[Newspaper Clipping]
# Flying Discs Show Sign Of Guidance, Jung Says

ALAMOGORDO, N. Mex., July 29 (P).—Dr. Carl Jung, Swiss psychologist, says in a report that Unidentified Flying Objects are real and "show signs of intelligent guidance by quasi-human pilots."

"I can only say for certain these things are not a mere rumor, something has been seen," Dr. Jung said in the report released yesterday. "A purely psychological explanation is ruled out."

Dr. Jung, who started his research on UFO's in 1944, released his report through the UFO filter Center of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization here. It was released by L. J. Lorenzen of Holloman Air Force Base.

"I have gathered a mass of observations of unidentified flying objects since 1944," Dr. Jung said.

"The discs do not behave in accordance with physical laws, but as though without weight. . . .

"If the extra-terrestrial origin of this phenomena should be confirmed this would prove the existence of an intelligent inter-planetary relationship. What such a fact might mean for humanity cannot be predicted.

"But it would put us without doubt in the extremely precarious position of primitive communities in conflict with the superior culture of the whites.

"That the construction of these machines proves a scientific technique immensely superior to ours cannot be argued."

The Air Force has said investigation of flying saucers reported over the past 10 years has produced no evidence that such things exist.

It has contended that not a shred of evidence has turned up to show the existence of a flying saucer or interplanetary space ship or that the objects sighted indicate developments beyond the range of current scientific knowledge or pose a threat to the Nation's security.

The Air Force said last November that investigations of 5,700 reported sightings showed the mysterious objects were balloons, aircraft, astronomical phenomena, birds, fireworks or hoaxes, among other things.

[Handwritten: Jerr]

[Handwritten: 62-83894-17]
[Handwritten: file]
[Handwritten: 62-83894]

NOT RECORDED
117 AUG 1 1958

[Handwritten: 67 AUG 1 1958]

Wash. Post and
Times Herald
Wash. News
Wash. Star A-1
N. Y. Herald
Tribune
N. Y. Journal-
American
N. Y. Mirror
N. Y. Daily News
N. Y. Times
Daily Worker
The Worker
New Leader

Date 7-29-58
