65 HS1 834228961 62 HQ 83894 Section 7
======================================

Agency: FBI
Date: null
Location: Washington, DC
Type: Document
Source extraction: VISION · 4 pages

---

=== Page 68 (vision) ===

(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)

RECEIVED-LAU
F B I
DEPT. OF JUSTICE
OCT 10 2 PM '52

RECEIVED-LAU
F B I
U.S. DEPT. OF JUSTICE
10/10 6:06 PM '52

REC'D-TOI SERV'S OFFICE
OCT 10 2 PM '52
F. B. I.
U.S. DEPT. OF JUSTICE

(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)
(?)


=== Page 115 (vision) ===

2 SPACE REVIEW

                SAUCERS IN THE NEWS

MAYAGUEZ, PUERTO RICO, Oct. 3, 1952—
Strange objects were sighted by two per-
sons in Mayaguez on Oct. 3, they were
cruising East and were red in color. It was
about 10:30 p.m. when they were sighted.

NORWAY AND SWEDEN, Oct. 13, 1952—
During October the Norwegian Govern-
ment stated that a strange object resemb-
ling a saucer landed on Norwegian soil.
German experts are claiming that the de-
vices are of Russian origin, and the des-
cription given by Norway fits the descrip-
tion given by German experts. Stockholm,
Sweden, has also been sighting strange
objects.

MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA, Sept. 13, 1952
—A young woman sighted a noiseless
green ball flying too fast to be a plane or a
meteor. She said it smelled like a rotten
egg.

STUTTGART, GERMANY, Nov. 1, 1952—
At the recent meeting of the third Inter-
national Astronautical Congress in Ger-
many where 200 scientists from 12 coun-
tries gathered they stated that saucers are
not from Mars or any other planet. They
said they are merely optical and atmos-
pheric illusions.

LONG ISLAND, NEW YORK—A terrific air
explosion took place over a small area of
Long Island N.Y., which broke windows,
cracked sidewalks and caused general
panic. There were no planes around or
scheduled at that time, Oct. 1952.

INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, NEW YORK,
Oct. 16, 1952—A blue flame flashed over
International Airport at 7:33 p.m. It was
a fiery ball-like object. Hayden Planeta-
rium official stated it may have been the
burning end of a meteor.

TOPCLIFFE, YORK, ENGLAND, Sept. 20,
1952—During exercise “Mainbrace” RAF
pilots sighted a white object at 15,000
feet. The object was silver in color and
circular. It maintained a slow forward
speed before beginning to descend, swing-
ing like a pendulum. It followed the air-
craft, revolved on its own axis at times,
and then took off.

WASHINGTON, D.C., Oct. 16, 1952—The
Navy announced that it launched rockets
from giant balloons, high above the North
Geomagnetic Pole, and sent them to alti-
tudes of about 40 miles. The balloons were
as tall as a 10-story building.

PARIS, FRANCE, Oct. 7, 1952 — A flying
saucer was sighted over Southern France
by two Air France pilots.

WESTERN KOREA FRONT, Oct. 29, 1952
—U.S. troops saw a half-dozen mysterious
spark-throwing “cartwheels” over the wes-
tern front of Korea. They were as the eye
sees, 18 inches in diameter, moving in a
15-foot circle.

GAILLAC, SOUTH OF FRANCE, Oct. 29,
1952—For the second time in two weeks,
20 townspeople of Gaillac saw a series of
white circular objects, slightly swollen at
the center, spinning across the sky; they
were flying in formation of two and were
grouped around something that looked
like a giant flying cigar. As the objects
passed overhead they let fall a sort of
string of bright white threads, which set-
tled gently on trees and telephone lines.
When the people tried to pick them up,
they melted like ice. A police officer who
picked up some of the thread said: “It
looked like glass wool and it melted away
almost as soon as it was touched.”

OLORON, FRANCE, Oct. 17, 1952—About
a dozen people, including a schoolmaster,
saw flying saucers surrounding a long cigar
like object flying through a clear sky at
about 6,000 feet.

NEW ZEALAND—The clippings and stor-
ies from New Zealand are swamping our
office and are so numerous that we must
devote a whole page to them in our April
issue.

For more detailed information on any
of the above, please write to IFSB.

Please date your clippings that you send
to us, and note the source.


=== Page 116 (vision) ===

SPACE REVIEW 3

   SUTTON, WEST VIRGINIA MONSTER MAY BE
             “COLLIER’S” ROCKET!
    Rev. S. L. Daw, Washington, D.C., Representative, IFSB

I have personally photographed flying saucers six times and personally photographed
the place where one landed in Charleston, West Virginia. I also talked to two eye-witnesses.
I saw and talked to a police officer who was burned by one in Wheeling, West Virginia.
My own cousin was the doctor who treated him.

I attempted to photograph one going over Melessa Pass, 5000 feet up in the Blue
Ridge mountains, as I was at a height of 2500 feet at Wahala Glen just directly opposite
from Melessa Pass. The picture was not too good due to the mist from the mountains.

The object that landed at Charleston, West Virginia was described as a large metal
ball, throwing off a white light and after landing, two small men in red emerged from
a trap in the top and climbed up a tree to look around. Seeing people watching them, they
got back in and took off. We can prove what this was: In the attempt to shoot rockets to
the moon, there is a device with the motors on the wings and the body of the device is
a jet propelled apparatus which throws off a large metal shaped disc which throws off a
red color from the center which when reflected could easily be taken for some sort of a
small person. This was described in Collier’s magazine of October 11, 1952.

According to the Washington Daily News, the monster seen at Sutton, West Virginia
could be the rocket described in Collier’s magazine. The picture on the cover of the maga-
zine shows a sphere-headed, wide-bottomed, tank-bellied rocket craft spewing out burning
hydrazine and nitric acid as it lands hind-end on the moon. The West Virginia people
claimed to have seen: “An object estimated at 10 feet tall, four feet wide at the bottom
and in the shape of a man. Two lights flashed from side to side, the machine made a noise
like gas escaping, and a sharp sickening odor was about.” Sounds somewhat the same.

The United States may be experimenting with something that the public is not aware
of, and it is doing its best to keep it a secret. The age of rocket ships is just around the
corner.

 CIVILIAN SAUCER INVESTIGATION OF NEW ZEALAND
                     CONTACTS IFSB

The Civilian Saucer Investigation of New Zealand was set up in New Zealand on
October 13, 1952. They plan to prove or disapprove the existence of saucers. It has no
affiliation with the Government, the armed forces, or to any society to which its members
may belong. Most of the members have been studying flying saucer reports for at least
five years. They represent all interested parties, astronomers, scientists, aviators, and the
man in the street. The committee consists of Mr H. H. Fulton, a sergeant in the R.N.Z.A.F.
attached to engineering, who is the President of CSI of NZ; Mr. R. J. Lavaris, a member
of the Territorial Air Force, who is the secretary of CSI of NZ; Mr. G. H. Gilmore, avia-
tion engineering inspector; D. Lavaris, a student studying for a science degree; and E. J.
Greager, an astronomer and engineer.

Aims of the committee are to correspond with kindred bodies overseas, and to ulti-
mately find the origin of flying saucers and their comparison.

Mr. H. H. Fulton, and Mr. R. J. Lavaris have been made members of the International
Council of IFSB. We hope to establish friendly relations with this society and get a rep-
resentative in New Zealand. CSI sent to IFSB a large map of New Zealand showing all
spots where saucers have been sighted with a history of each sighting. A complete report
on this will be made in our next issue. We wish CSI of New Zealand the best of luck
and hope they will be a success.


=== Page 117 (vision) ===

4 SPACE REVIEW

                     EDITORIAL

In 1492 Columbus discovered a new world after traveling thousands of miles across
the great expanse of unknown waters called the Atlantic Ocean. It was a great adventure,
yet one that was laughed at, ridiculed, and even spoke of as a “folly”.

Here was a small group of men searching for what lay beyond the known, endeavor-
ing to unfold the mysteries of lands that were not supposed to exist. All they had were
three small ships laden with provisions that they estimated would last the journey.

The seas were infested with monsters, so the skeptics said, and the world was flat
with a dropping off place. Columbus proved these fallacies to be wrong, when he landed
in the West Indies.

The years directly ahead of us will see another great adventure such as this. A small
group of men will assemble in a certain designated place, climb into their ship, a ship
vastly different than that of Columbus’s time. This ship will be a rocket shop, and its oc-
cupants will shoot off into the vast sea of space to find new worlds, new peoples, and
new frontiers.

They will be laughed at, they will be ridiculed, and the whole thing will be called
the greatest “folly” on earth, but will it be such? Time has proven that impossibilities
become realities,— the automobile, the airplane, radio, telephone, telegraph, television,
and the smashing of the atom are definite proof. All is possible to one who believes,—and
I am a sound believer!

                            ★

      FROM THE ASSOCIATE EDITOR’S DESK

The mysteries of space have long fascinated most people on earth. One need not be
an astronomer to gaze in awe at the sight which unfolds before the eyes as we gaze sky-
wards on any clear night.

The vastness of space is difficult to explain, even for astronomers. When distances
are spoken of it is simpler for learned men to use the term “light years” than miles. The
number of celestial bodies suspended in space like our own earth are unknown. The
guesses are from millions on up. But they remain just that—guesses.

We, who make our home on a mere cinder of matter in the eyes of space, cannot be
naive enough to think that intelligent life exists only here. Those who believe that there
is a purpose for everything which happens, should agree that these millions of bodies in
space must serve more of a purpose than just twinkling brightly on a clear night.

Published quarterly by Albert K. Bender, Editor; Max Krengel, Associate Editor; Printed
by Reliable Press, Bridgeport, Conn. Subscription Price: four issues, to members, $1.00;
to non-members, $1.40 per year. Individual copies $.35. Exclusive publication of the IFSB,
P.O. Box 241, Bridgeport 2, Conn., U.S.A. Send all news and articles to this address.