CIA-UAP-015, Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects)
=========================================================================================================

Agency: Central Intelligence Agency
Date: Undated
Location: United States
Type: Document
Source extraction: PDFJS · 312 pages

---

=== Page 1 ===

----~.~ ..:_:._~,. / FORM 2250 Approved fo..r: Release 2026 Under Section 1842 of the National Defen~5.e ,..,_ _ .,-<,y-; ~ -- --<-4H~ 6 64 1 • Authorizati6n Ac -e' for Fiscal Year 2024 ~ 5'f.J _: ~- _,.,/ 1 (PLACE FORM qgo HERE) 0 FFI C/IAL J RECORD The, Agenc. in accc. additior, Records .,.---------- RETURN IMMEDIATELY AFTER USE TO THE CIA ARCHIVES AND RECORDS CENTER


=== Page 2 ===

6-64 FORM 2250 (PLACE FORM ~90 HERE} OFFICIAL J RECORD COPY WARNING The attached document (s) must be safeguarded. It is the Agency's Official Historical Record and must be preserved in accordance with the Federal Records Act of 1950. For additional information, call the Chief, CIA Archives and Records Center, extension 2468. RETURN IMMEDIATELY AFTER USE TO THE CIA ARCHIVES AND RECORDS CENTER


=== Page 3 ===

SJ -:/). ,1/i . . . r ..~.. ,=,. _._,_- . : ~ ·, ••,;-.,-·, C / , ' \ .- _.," _ :.--- _J: -~,,,, , -,_1: ... ~ - ~- ·~f·;•";,_,, ;: ~;..::;s.-..:.--:;_1-:,:,,•-'l(<..., -- ... ~·-....... --..._,,,!,.,,,,.,._ I - ~ ~- I /) ,._;· C'.'.:'.: ?'e·--·('· ·~,-- ~~lt!L j ,.,.. # ·, • ·•21u,c< .."""- 1 d'" ; I 'PROJECT BLLI ' B • ti?0 1---7 I '/~ I SPECIAL REPORT N0.14 II I (ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OB1ECTS) I I PROJECT NO. 10073 I I 5 MAY 1955 I \ I I I .I AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER I WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE I OHIO I I Copy No. 35 --=---- ,, l


=== Page 4 ===

PROJECT BLUE BOOK \I SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14 ii ' (ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS) il 1 I I I PROJECT NO. 10073 I :1 5 MAY 1955 I 1 11 ! ii FOR OffIC!Al USt ONlY (AFR 190-16) I :I !1 I I AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE GENTER I WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE o:mo I I No copyright materiel ls contained In this publication, _I


=== Page 5 ===

I I TABLE OF CONTENTS I SUMMARY. vii I INTRODUCTION ORIGIN AND NATURE OF DATA 3 I REDUCTION OF DATA TO MECHANIZED COMPUTATION FORM 4 I Questionnaire . 4 Coding System and Work Sheet 6 Identification of Working Papers. 7 Evaluation of Individual Reports 10 I ANALYSIS OF THE DATA. 14 I Frequency and Percentage Distributions by Characteristics 14 Graphical Presentation . 16 Advanced Study of the Data 16 Position of the Sun Relative to the Observer 16 Statistical Chi Square Test 60 The "Flying Saucer" Model 76 I CONCLUSIONS 94 I APPENDIX A. TABULATION OF FREQUENCY AND PERCENTAGE DISTRIBUTIONS BY CHARACTERISTICS 95 APPENDIX B. WORKING PAPER FORMS 255 Figure l I Figure 2 I Figure 3 I Figure 4 Figure 5 I Figure 6 Figure 7 I Figure 8 I Figure 9 I Figure 10 I Figure 11 Figure 12 I Figure 13 I I LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS Frequency of Sightings by Year for Object, Unit, and All Sightings 17 Distribution of Evaluations of Object, Unit, and All Sightings for All Years 18 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for All Years With Comparisons of Each Year for Each Evaluation Group • 19 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for All Years and Each Year 20 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation Within Months for All Years 21 Distribution of Object Sightings by Certain and Doubtful Evaluations for All Years and Each Year • 22 Frequency of Object Sightings and Unknown Object Evaluations by Months, 1947-1952. 23 Distribution of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups With Evaluation Distributions for Each Group . 24 Distribution of Object Sightings Among the Four Sighting Reliability Groups for All Years and Each Year . 25 Distribution of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, Segregated by Military and Civilian Observers, With Evaluation Distribution for Each Segregation 26 Distribution of Object Sightings by Reported Colors of Object(s) With Evaluation Distribution for Each Color Group • 27 Distribution of Object Sightings by Number of Objects Seen per Sighting With Evaluation Distribution for Each Group 28 Distribution of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting With Evaluation Distribution for Each Duration Group . 29 iii I


=== Page 6 ===

I I LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS (Continued) Figure 14 Distribution of Object Sightings by Months Among the Eight Duration Groups for All Years Figure 15 Distribution of Object Sightings by Shape of Object(s) Reported With Evaluation Distribution for Each Shape Group , Figure 16 Distribution of Object Sightings by Reported Speed of Object(s) With Evaluation Distribution for Each Speed Group . Figure 17 Distribution of All Sightings by Observer Location for All Years and Each Year Figure 18 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Color, 1947-1952 Figure 19 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Number of Objects per Sighting, 1947-1952 Figure 20 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Speed, 1947-1952 Figure 21 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Duration, 1947-1952 Figure 22 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Shape, 1947-1952 Figure 23 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Light Brightness, 1947-1952 Figure 24 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Astronomical Versus Total Object Sightings Less Astronomical. Figure 25 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Aircraft Versus Total Object Sightings Less Aircraft Figure 26 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Balloon Versus Total Object Sightings Less Balloon, Figure 27 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Insufficient Information Versus Total Object Sightings Less Insufficient Information Figure 28 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Other Versus Total Object Sightings Less Other Figure 29 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Unknown Versus Total Object Sightings Less Unknown Figure 30 Characteristics Profiles of Object Sightings by Total Sample, Known Evaluations, and Individual Known Evaluations, With Unknown Evaluations Superimposed , Figure 31 Frequency of Object, Unit, and All Sightings Within the U. S., 1947-1952, by Subdivisions of One Degree of Latitude and Longitude Figure 32 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for the Twelve Regional Areas of the U. S., With the Strategic Areas Located Figure 33 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region Figure 34 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region Figure 35 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region Figure 36 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region . Figure 37 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region iv I Page 30 I 31 I 32 33 I 34 35 I 36 I 37 38 I 39 40 I 41 42 I 43 I 44 I 45 ,- 46 47 I 48 I 49 50 I 51 I 52 I 53 I I I


=== Page 7 ===

I I I LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS (Continued) Figure 38 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the I South Farwest Region . 54 I Figure 39 Diagram of a Celestial Sphere. 56 Figure 40 Frequency of Object Sightings by Angle of Elevation of the Sun, Intervals of 10 Degrees of Angle. 57 I Figure 41 Frequency of Object Sightings by Local Sun Time, Intervals of One Hour 59 Table Object Sightings 60 I Table II Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Color 62 Table III Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Number 63 I Table IV Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Shape 64 Table V Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Duration of Observation 65 I Table VI Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Speed ti6 Table VII Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Light Brightness 67 I Table VIII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Color 70 Table IX Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Number. 71 I Table X Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Shape 72 Table XI Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Duration of Ob~ervation 73 I Table XII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Speed 74 Table XIII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Light Brightness. 75 I I I I I I I I I v and vi I


=== Page 8 ===

I I SUMMARY I I Reports of unidentified aerial objects (popularly termed "flying saucers" or "flying discs") have been received by the U.S. Air Force since mid-1947 from' many and diverse sources. Although there was no evidence that the ·unexplained reports of unidentified objects constituted I a threat to the security of the U.S., the Air Force determined that all rep,orts of unidentified aerial objects should be fovestigated and evaluated to d,etermine if "flying saucers". represented technological developments not known to this country. I In order to discover any pertinent trend or pattern inherent in the data, and to evaluate or explain any trend or pattern found, appropriate I methods of reducing these data from reports of unidentified aerial objects to a form amenable to scientific' appraisal were employed. In general, the I original data upon which this study was based consisted of impressions and interpretations of apparently unexplainable events, and seldom contained reliable measurements of physical attributes. This subjectivity of the data I presented a 'major limitation to the drawing of significant conclusions, but did not invalidate the application of scientific methods bf study. I The reports received by the U.S. Air Force on unidentified aerial objects were reduced to IBM punched-card abstracts of the data by means of logically developed forms and standardized evaluation procedures. Evaluation of sighting reports, a crucial step in the preparation of the data I for statistical treatment, consisted of an appraisal of the reports and· the subsequent categorization of the object or objects described in each report. A detailed description of this phase of the study stresses the careful I attempt to maintain complete objectivity and consistency. I Analysis of the refined and evaluated data derived from the original reports of sightings consisted of (I) a systematic attempt to ferret out any distinguishing characteristics _inherent in the data of any of their segments, I (2) a concentrated study of any trend or pattern found, and (3) an attempt to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represent observa.:. tions of technological' developments not known to this country. I The first step in the 'analysis of the data revealed the existence of I certain apparent similarities between cases of objects definitely identified .i.nd those not identified. Statistical methods of testing when applied indicated a low probability that these apparent similarities were significant. An attempt to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represeri'ted observations of technological developments not known to this country necessi I tated a thorough re-examination and re-evaluation of the cases of objects not originally identified; this led to the conclusion that this probability was very small. I I The special study which resulted in this report (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects, 5 May 1955) started in 1953. To provide the study group with a complete set of files, the informatio~ cut-off date was established as of the end of 1952. It will accordingly be noted that the statistics contained in all charts and tables in this report are terminated I vii I I


=== Page 9 ===

I I with the year 1952. In these charts, 3201 cases have been used. I As the study progressed, a constant program was maintained for the purpose of making comparisons between the current cases received after I January 1953, and those being used for the report. This was done I in order that any change or significant trend which might arise from current developments could be incorporated in the summary of this report. I The 1953 and 1954 cases show a general and expected trend of increasing percentages in the finally identified categories. They also.show decreasing percentages in categories where there was insufficient informa I tion and those where the phenomena could not be explained. This trend had been:. anticipated in the light of improved reporting and investigating pro ceduJ;"es. I Official reports on hand at the end of 1954 totaled 4834. Of these, 425 were produced in 1953 and 429 in 195'!. These 1953 and 1954 indi I vidual reports (a total of 854), were evaluated on the same basis as were those received before the end of 1952. The results are as follows: I Balloons - 16% Aircraft - 20% I Astronomical - 25% Other - 13% I Insufficient Info 1 7% 1. Unknown - 9% I As the study of the current cases progressed, it became increasingly obvious that if reporting and investigating procedures could be further improved, the percentages of those cases which contained insufficient information and I those remaining unexplained would be greatly reduced. The key to a higher percentage of solutions appeared to be in rapid "on the spot" investigations by trained personnel. On the basis of this, a revised program was estab- I lished by AF Reg. 200-2 Subject: "Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting" (Short Title: UFOB) dated 12 August 1954. I This new program, which had begun to show marked results before January 1955, provided primarily that the 4602d Air Intelligence Service' Squadron (Air Defense Command) would carry out all field investigations. I This squadron has sufficient units and is so deployed as to be able to arrive "on the spot" within a very short time after a report is received. After treatment by the 4602d AISS, all information is supplied to the Air Technical I Intelligence Center for final evaluation. This cooperative program has re sulted, since 1 January 1955, in reducing the insufficient information cases to 7o/o and the unknown cases to 3%, of the totals. I The period l January 1955 to 5 May 1955 accounted for 131 unidentified aerial object reports received. Evaluation percentages of these are as follows: I I viii I


=== Page 10 ===

I I - I Balloons I Aircraft I ..... Astronomical Other I Insufficient Info - 7% I ,, Unknown - 3% I All available data were included in this study which was prepared by a panel of scientists both in and out of the Air Force. On the basis of this study it is believed that all the unidentified aerial objects could have been explained if more complete observational data had been available. Insofar fi as the reported aerial objects which still remain unexplained are concerned, there exists little information other than the impressions and interpretations I I of their observers. As these impressions and interpretations have been replaced by the use of improved methods of investigation and reporting, and ,by scientific analysis, the number of unexplained cases has decreased rapidly I towards the vanishing point. Therefore, on the b_asis of this evaluation of the information, it is r· I considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized that there has been a complete lack of any valid evidence of physical 'matter I in any case of a [1 I I ' I I ' f I I I I I - 26% - 21% - 23% 20% reported unidentified aerial object. ix


=== Page 11 ===

I I INTRODUCTION I In June, 1947, Kenneth Arnold, a Boise, Idaho, businessman and I private pilot, publicly reported the now-famous sighting of a chainlike I formation of disc-shaped objects near Mount Rainier, Washington. Result ing newspaper publicity of this incident caught the public interest, and, shortly thereafter, a rash of reports of unidentified aerial objects spawned the term "flying saucers". During the years since 1947, many reports of I unidentified aerial objects have been received by the Air Force from many and diverse sources. I The unfortunate term "flying saucer", or "flying disc", because of I its widespread and indiscriminate use, requires definition. Many defini tions have been offered, one of the best being that originated by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Emerson McMillin Observatory of The Ohio I State University, who has taken a scientific interest in_the problem of unidentified aerial objects since 1949. Dr. Hynek' s definition of the term ·1 is "any aerial phenomenon or sighting that remains unexplained to the viewer at least long enough for him to write a report about it 11 ( 1). Dr. Hynek, I elaborating on his definition, says, "Each flying saucer, so defined, has associated with it a probable lifetime. It wanders in the field of public in spection like an electron in a field of ions, until I captured' by an explana tion which puts an end to its existence as a I flying saucer' 11 ( 1). I This definition would be applicable to any and all of the sightings I which remained unidentified throughout this study. However, the term "flying saucers" shall be used hereafter in this report to mean a novel, airborne phenomenon, a manifestation that is not a part of or readily ex I plainable by the fund of scientific knowledge known to be possessed by the Free World. This would include such items as natural phenomena that are not yet completely understood, psychological phenomena, or intruder air craft of a type that may be possessed by some source in large enough I numbers so that more than one independent mission may have been flown I and reported. Thus, these phenomena are of the type which should have been observed and reported more than once. I Since 1947, public interest in the subject of unidentified aerial objects fluctuated more or less within reasonable limits until the summer of 1952, I when the frequency of reports of sightings reached a peak, possibly stimu lated by several articles on the subject in leading popular magazines. I Early in 1952, the Air Force's cumulative study and analysis of reported sightings indicated that the majority of reports could be accounted for as misinterpretations of known objects ( such as meteors, balloons, or aircraft), a few as the result of mild hysteria, and a very few as the result I of unfamiliar meteorological phenomena and light aberrations. However, I (1) Hynek, J. A.• "Unusual Aerial Phenomena"• Journal of the Optical Society of America. 43 (4). pp 311-314, April, 1953. J 1


=== Page 12 ===

I I a significant number of fairly complete reports by reliable observers re mained unexplained. Although no evidence existed that unexplained reports of sightings constituted_ a 1 >hysical threat to the security of the U. S., in I March, 1952, the Air Force decided that all reports of unidentified aerial objects should be investigated and evaluated to determine if "flying saucers" represented technological developments not known to this country. I Originally, the problem involved the preparation and analysis of about I 1,300 reports accumulated by the Air Force between 1947 and the end of March, 1952. During the course of the work, the number of reports sub mitted for analysis and evaluation more than tripled, the result of the un I precedented increase in observations during 1952. Accordingly, this study is based on a number of reports considered to be large enough for a pre liminary statistical analysis, approximately 4, 000 reports. I This study was undertaken primarily to categorize the available I reports of sightings and to determine the probability that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers". With full cognizance of the quality of the data available for study, yet with I an awareness of the proportions this subject has assumed at times in the public mind, this work was undertaken with all the seriousness accorded I to a straightforward scientific investigation. In order to establish the probability that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers", it was necessary to make an attempt to I answer the question "What is a 'flying saucer'?". However, it must be emphasized that this was only incidental to the primary purpose of the study, the determination of the probability that any of the reports of un I identified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers", as defined on Page 1. I The basic technique for this study consisted of reducing the available data to a form suitable for mechanical manipulation, a prerequisite for the I application of preliminary statistical methods .. One of International Business Machine Corporation's systems was chosen as the best available mechanical equipment. I The reduction of data contained in sighting reports into a form suit I able for transfer to IBM punched cards was extremely difficult and time consuming. I For this study a panel of consultants was formed, consisting of both experts within and outside A TIC. During the course of the work, guidance I and advice were received from the panel. The professional experience available from the panel covered major scientific fields and numerous specialized fields. I All records and working papers of this study have been carefully preserved in an orderly fashion suitable for ready reference. These I I 2


=== Page 13 ===

I I records include condensations of all individual sighting reports, and the IBM cards used in various phases of the study. I I ORIGIN AND NATURE OF DA TA I I Reports of sightings were received by the U. S. Air Force from a representative cross section of the population of the U. S., and varied widely in completeness and quality. Included were reports from reputable scientists, housewives, farmers, students, and technically trained mem I bers of the Armed Forces. Reports varied in length from a few sentences stating that a "flying saucer" had been sighted, to those containing thou sands of words, including description, speculation, and advice on how to I handle the "problem of the I flying saucers 1 ". Some reports were of high I quality, conservative, and as complete as the observer could make them; a few originated from people confined to mental institutions. A critical examination of the reports revealed, however, that a high percentage of them was submitted by serious people, mystified by what they had seen and I motivated by patriotic responsibility. Three principal sources of reports were noted in the preliminary I review of the data. The bulk of the data arrived at A TIC through regular military channels, from June, 1947, until the middle of 1952. I A second type of data consisted of letters reporting sightings sent by civilian observers directly to A TIC. Most of these direct communications I were dated subsequent to April 30, 1952, and are believed to be the result I of a suggestion by a popular magazine that future reports be directed to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. As could be expected, a large number of letters was received following this publicity. I A third type of data was that contained in questionnaire forms com pleted by the observer himself. A questionnaire form, developed during the course of this study, was mailed by A TIC to a selected group of writers I of direct letters with the request that the form be completed and returned. Approximately 1,000 responses were received by ATIC. I In general, the data were subjective, consisting of qualified estimates I of physical characteristics rather than of precise measurements. Further more, most of the reports were not reduced to written form immediately. The time between sighting and report varied from one day to several years. Both of these factors introduced an element of doubt concerning the validity I o,f the original data, and increased its subjectivity. This was intensified by I the recognized inability of the average individual to estimate speeds, dis tances, and sizes of objects in the air with any degree of accuracy. In spite of these limitations, methods of statistical analysis of such reports m sufficiently large groups are valid. The danger lies in the possibility of I 3 I


=== Page 14 ===

I I forgetting the subjectivity of the data at the time that conclusions are drawn from the analysis. It must be emphasized, again and again, that any conclusions contained in this report are based NOT on facts, but on what I many observers thought and estimated the true facts to be. Altogether, the data for this study consisted of approximately 4, 000 I reports of sightings of unidentified aerial objects. The majority were :re ceived through military channels or in the form of observer-completed I questionnaires; a few were accepted in the form of direct letters from un -questionably reliable sources. Sightings made between June, 1947, and December, 1952, were considered for this study. Sightings alleged to have I occurred prior to 1947 were not considered, since they were not reported to official sources until after public interest in "flying saucers" had been stimulated by the popular press. I I REDUCTION OF DA TA TO MECHANIZED COMPUTATION FORM I As received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center, the sighting reports were not in a form suitable for even a quasi-scientific study. A I preliminary review of the data indicated the need for standardized interro gation procedures and supplemental forms for the reduction of currently I held and subsequently acquired data to a form amenable to scientific appraisal. I The plan for reduction of the data to usable form consisted of a pro gram of development comprising four major steps: ( 1) a systematic listing I of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to identify the unknown object observed; (2) a standard scheme for the trans fer of data to a mechanized computation system; (3) an orderly means of I relating the original data to_ all subsequent forms; and ( 4} a consistent pro cedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original data. I I Questionnaire I I The first reports received by A TIC varied widely in completeness and quality. Air Force Letter 200-5(2} and Air Force Form 112( 1) were I attempts to fix responsibility for and improve the quality of the reports of sightings. To coordinate past efforts and to provide standardization for the I (1) A modified Air Force Form 112 lists pertinent questions to be answered in regard to an unidentified-object sighting. (2) Air Force Letter 200-5 places responsibility with the Air Force for the investigation, reporting, and I analysis of unidentified aerial objects. This letter is dated 29 April 1952. I 4 I


=== Page 15 ===

I I I future, it was imperative to develop a questionnaire form listing the factors necessary for evaluation of the observer and his report, and identification of the unknown objects. In addition, it was decided that such a questionnaire should be designed to serve as an interrogator's guide, and as a form for I the observer himself to complete when personal interrogation was not possi ble or practicable. I Ideally, a questionnaire for the purposes required should contain I questions pertaining to all technical details considered to be essential for the statistical approach, and should serve to obtain a maximum of informa tion from the average individual who had made a sighting in the past or would be likely to be reporting sightings in the future. Besides these ~is I crete facts, an integrated written description of a sighting would be re quired, thus enabling the reported facts of the sighting to be corroborated. I Also, a narrative description might allow subtle questions to be answered concerning the observer's ability, such as indirect questions that would I reveal his reasoning ability, suggestibility, and general mental attitude. As a whole, then, the information contained in a questionnaire should make possible the classification and evaluation of the sighting, the rating of the observer, the probability of accuracy of reported facts, and the identifica I tion of what was reported by the observer as unidentified. I During the course of this project, three questionnaire forms were I developed, each intended to be an improved revision of the one preceding. The improvements were suggested and confirmed by members of the panel of consultants connected with this project. I The original form was evolved by the panel of consultants as their first work on this project. It was intended to allow the start of the reduc tion of reports to discrete data, and was immediately subjected to exten I sive review and revision by the panel. The revised ( second) form was subjected to a trial test before adoption. A TIC sent a copy to observers reporting sightings, with the request that the form be completed and re I turned. Of the first 300 questionnaires returned during July and August, I 1952, 168 were analyzed by a consulting psychologist. On the basis of this analysis, plus the experience gained in working with past reports, the final form of the questionnaire - the U. S. Air Force Technical Information I Sheet - was evolved. Copies of the three forms of the questionnaire, in the order of their development, are shown as Exhibits BI, B2, and B3 in Appendix B. I In order to implement the transcription of data from past sighting I reports, each succeeding form was put to use as soon as it was developed and approved. Accordingly, experience was obtained with each form in relation to past data, an important factor in the improvement of the quality and completeness of the later reports included in this study. I I 5 I


=== Page 16 ===

I I Coding System and Work Sheet I The reduction of non-numerical data to numerical form is mandatory in the machine handling of data. Thus, the selection of the IBM punched card system for analysis of data forced the adoption of a master coding I plan. Since it was impracticable to transfer detailed data of a~ exact nature from the questionnaire to the IBM card, an intermediate transfer I form, coordinated with the master code, was necessary. The master coding plan was evolved during the early stages of the I preli~inary analysis of data, and was reviewed by the panel of consultants before use. It was recognized that this system of coding would be the heart of the analysis, that is, the completeness of the facility for trans I lation of data could make or break the study. Accordingly, every conceiv able factor that might influence the identification of unidentified aerial I objects was included, together with a wide range of variations within each factor. The original coding system (with minor corrections) was used throughout the translation of the original data with marked success. A copy I of this system, called CODES, is enclosed as Exhibit IH, Appendix B. I To facilitate the preparation of the punched-card abstract, an inter mediate form called the WORK SHEET (later, the CARD BIBLE) was developed. Referenced to both the data from the questionnaire and the sys I tem of report identification, the WORK SHEET permitted an orderly transcription of data simultaneously by several people. In conjunction with the CODES, the WORK SHEET was used during the reduction of the I original data to code form necessary for transfer to punched cards. A sample is included as Exhibit BS, Appendix B. I After the analysis was under way, it became apparent that the me chanics of machine processing could be improved by incorporating in the I IBM card system group classifications of certain factors requiring more than one column for discrete expression. In addition, the inclusion of certain data relating to the evaluation and bearing of the sun with respect I to the observer was considered necessary. Finally, a critical examination of certain segments of the data indicated the need for the definition of a I new factor relating to the maneuvers of the object or objects sighted. Prior to the start of the analytical study, it had been assumed that a com bination of stated factors would, by inference, define the maneuver pattern. I All these additions have been incorporated in a revised set of CODES I and CARD BIBLE that are illustrated as Exhibits B6 and B7, Appendix B. However, at the time that the maneuver factor was determined to be criti cal, it was physically impracticable to make the required definitions and I re-evaluate the original data. Therefore, no code for maneuverability has been included in the CODES, CARD BIBLE, or IBM cards. I I 6 I


=== Page 17 ===

I I Identification of Working Papers I I The actual reduction of data to IBM punched-card form presented a problem of mass transfer of figures by several workers. Recognizing that an orderly system of relating the original data to the questionnaire, the WORK SHEET, and the IBM card was imperative, a scheme of SERIAL I NUMBERS was developed to answer this need. I The first data consisted of a series of letter-file folders identified by the year and location of the sighting or sightings they contained. The num I ber of reports of sightings in a single folder varied from 1 to over 20. Under these conditions, there was a great possibility for incorrect tran scription of data, duplication of transcription, or misplacement of inter mediate forms. Further, it was considered desirable to relate all sightings I of the same object or objects to one another. The concept of a four-digit I serial number (major), followed by a two-digit subserial number (minor), was adequate to fulfill these requirements. To expedite handling of the data, temporary serial numbers were I assigned until each report had been evaluated and the phenomenon had been I placed i11:, a category of identification. The use of temporary serial num bers permitted the consolidation of duplicate reports from apparently diverse sources, such as a teletype message and an Air Force Form 112. I However, this consolidation was made ONLY when it could be proved con clusively that the sources of the two documents were one and the same. Factors of the observer's location, date and time of observation, descrip tion of the phenomenon, and finally, the name of the observer were con I sidered. In this manner, the assignment of major serial and minor sub I serial numbers in continuous series was made only to the reports accepted for the statistical study. It is believed that the reports accepted represent unique and unduplicated instances of sightings. I In the establishment of the serial-number system, it was necessary to define certain terms,' so that a standard interpretation could be achieved. The terms and corresponding definitions were: I OBSERVER - I SIGHTING I I I I I Any witness reporting to a proper authority that he had seen unidentified aerial objects. The report or group of reports of the same observed phenomenon that remained unidenti fied to the observer or observers, at least until reported. 7


=== Page 18 ===

I I SINGLE OBSERVATION - A SIGHTING consisting of a single report from ( 1) one OBSERVER with no knowledge of additional OBSERVERS of the same phenom I enon, or (2) a group of witnesses of the same phenomenon, each cognizant of the others. The witness who made the report is called a SINGLE I OBSERVER. I MULTIPLE OBSERVATION - A SIGHTING consisting of several reports from OBSERVERS of the same phenomenon who were cognizant of each other. I The witnesses who made reports are called MULTIPLE OBSERVERS. I ALL SIGHTINGS - ( 1) The group of reports consisting of one report for each OBSERVER, including both I SINGLE and MULTIPLE OBSERVERS. (2) The questionnaire, work sheet, and IBM card representing the report from each OBSERVER - I in other words, the representation of each report accepted for the statistical study. I UNIT SIGHTINGS - ( 1) The group of reports consisting of one report for each SIGHTING, including all the I reports of SINGLE OBSERVATIONS and the one most representative report from each MULTIPLE OBSERVATION. (2) The questionnaire, work I sheet, and IBM card representing the report for each SIGHTING accepted for the statistical study. I A major serial number (four digits) was assigned to each sighting, segregating the year of occurrence by selection of limits for each year, as I follows: I 0001 to 0500 reserved for 1947 0501 to 1000 reserved for 1948 1001 to 1500 reserved for 1949 I 150lto2000 reserved for 1950 2001 to 2500 reserved for 1951 2501 to4900 reserved for 1952 I While this scheme would serve to identify any individual sighting, identifi I cation of each report and its subsequent forms was necessary. The minor subserial numbers ( two digits) fulfiiled this requirement. For all SINGLE OBSERVATIONS, a major serial number followed by two (2) zeros, for I example, 2759. 00, was sufficient identification. For MULTIPLE OBSER VATIONS, the major serial number followed by a series of two-digit num bers ranging from 00 to 99 was used to identify the individual reports. In I general, the most complete report from the most reliable observer of that I 8 I


=== Page 19 ===

I I MULTIPLE OBSERVATION was identified with the . 00 subserial number. As an example, a MULTIPLE OBSERVATION consisting of six sighting I reports would have the following serial numbers: I 1132. 00 representing the best report and observer 1132.01 representing an additional observer 1132. 02 representing an additional observer I 1132. 03 representing an additional observer I 1132. 04 representing an additional observer 1132. 05 representing an additional observer I During the course of the transcription of the data to machine card form, it became obvious that certain reports could have been independent observations of the same phenomenon. So, if the presentation of an analysis based on one report for each sighting was valid ( the concept of I UNIT SIGHTINGS}, a presentation of an analysis based on one report for each phenomenon should be valid also. Further, the examination of data I relating to the actual number of phenomena was considered to be the proper basis for assessing the probability of technological developments outside the range of present-day scientific knowledge. Therefore, a designation of I OBJECT SIGHTINGS was established, with the following definition: OBJECT SIGHTING - ( 1) The group of reports consisting of I one report for each phenomenon. (2) The I questionnaire, work sheet, and IBM card representing a report for each phenomenon accepted for the statistical study. I In brief review, ALL SIGHTINGS refer to all reports, UNIT SIGHTINGS refer to actual sightings, and OBJECT SIGHTINGS refer to the assumed I number of phenomena. I It must be recognized that the process of identifying OBJECT SIGHTINGS was deductive, while that for UNIT SIGHTINGS was definitive. A conservative approach was adopted in the determination of OBJECT SIGHTINGS, using the factors of date and time of observations, location I of observers, duration of observations, and range, bearing, track direc I tion, and identification of the phenomena. Any error of selection of OBJECT SIGHTINGS will tend to be in the direction of reducing the actual number of phenomena observed ( several instances of UNIT SIGHTINGS that might be one OBJECT SIGHTING were noted, but the evidence was not conclusive I enough to justify consolidation of the reports). I Following the determination of OBJECT SIGHTINGS, a series of serial numbers, called the INCIDENT SERIAL NUMBERS, was established I to facilitate any future study of a specific object sighting. Each reported sighting that relates to an OBJECT SIGHTING received the same incident serial number, a four-digit code paralleling the major serial number series. I 9 I


=== Page 20 ===

I I For machine manipulation, it was desirable to be able to select the sample of cards (all reports, all sightings, or all phenomena) to be in cluded in a particular study. The concept of a SIGHTING IDENTIFICATION I NUMBER was evolved to fill this desire. Using one column of the IBM card, and the correlated working papers,· the code for this function was developed. Multiple punching eliminated the need to use several columns I for discrete expression of the variations. Selection of the proper number in this column thus permitted selection of the desired sample of cards. ·1 Evaluation of Individual Reports I I Evaluation of sighting reports was recognized as a crucial step in the preparation of data for statistical treatment; inconsistent evaluations would have invalidated any conclusions to be derived from this study. A method I of evaluation was, therefore, determined simultaneously with the develop ment of the questionnaire, the coding system, and the work sheet. It is emphasized that all phases of evaluation, even including the tedious prep I aration of the original data for statistical treatment, were entrusted only to selected, specially qualified scientists and engineers. I Evaluation consisted of a standardized procedure to be followed for: ( 1) the deduction of discrete facts from data which depended on human im I pressions rather than scientific measurements, (2) the rating of the ob server and his report as determined from available information, and ( 3) the determination of the probable identification of the phenomenon observed. I Categories of identification, established upon the basis of previous experi ence, were as follows: I Balloon Astronomical I Aircraft Light phenomenon Birds I Clouds, dust, etc. Insufficient information I Psychological manifestations Unknown Other I The first step in evaluation, the deduction of discrete facts from I subjective data, required certain calculations based on the information available in the sighting report. An example was the finding of the approxi mate angular velocity and acceleration of the object or objects sighted. I Care was taken during this phase of the work to insure against the deduc tion of discrete facts not warranted by the original data. Thus, even though there was a complete lack of any valid evidence consisting of I I 10 I


=== Page 21 ===

I I physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object, this I was not assumed to be prima facie evidence that "flying saucers" did not exist. I In those cases in which an attempt to reduce the information to a 1· factual level failed completely, the report was eliminated from further con sideration, and thus not included in the statistical analysis. About 800 I reports of sightings were eliminated or rejected in this manner. Most of these reports were rejected because they were extremely nebulous; the rest were rejected because they contained highly conflicting statements. The second step in evaluation, the rating of the observer and his I report, logically followed the first step, the reduction of the data to usable form. Ratings were assigned on the basis of the following factors of in I formation, considered in relation to one another: I ( 1) The experience of the observer, deduced from his occupation, age, and training; ( 2) The consistency among the separate portions of the I description of the sighting; I (3) The general quality and completeness of the report; (4) Consideration of the observer's fact-reporting ability I and attitude, as disclosed by his manner of describing the sighting. I In cases in which insufficient information was available to make a judgment of the observer or report, none was made, but the report was accepted for I the statistical study. The third step in the process of evaluation, the attempted identifica I tion of the object or objects sighted, was done twice, first by the individual I who made the transcription of the data (the preliminary identification), and later (the final identification} by a conference of four persons, two repre sentatives from ATIC and two from the panel of consultants. Although representatives of A TIC participated in making the final identifications, it I must be emphasized that any previous identification of a sighting made by A TIC was not introduced or referred to in any way. I In the coding system, the choices provided for final identifications were based on A TIC' s previous experience in analysis of the data. They I had found that the majority of sightings could be classified as misinterpre tations of common objects or natural phenomena. Accordingly, categories I for objects most frequently present in the air were provided. Balloons, aircraft, astronomical bodies ( such as meteors), birds, and clouds or dust I were recognized as major categories. The less frequent, but common objects, such as kites, fireworks, flares, rockets, contrails, and 11 I


=== Page 22 ===

I I meteorological phenomena like small tornadoes, were collected into a category called OTHER. A separate category for the uncommon natural phenomena associated with light reflections or refractions, such as mirages, I sun dogs, inversion-layer images, and distortions caused by airborne ic.e, was established with the title of LIGHT PHENOMENON. Categories for INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION, PSYCHOLOGICAL MANIFESTATIONS, and I UNKNOWN were provided for the sightings that could not be fitted into the preceding identifications. An explanation of their use follows: I INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION - This identification category was assigned to a report when, upon final con I sideration, there was some essential item of information missing, or there was enough doubt abou._t what data were available to disallow I • identification as a common object or some natural phenomenon. It is emphasized that this I category of identification was not used as a convenient way to dispose of what might be called "poor unknowns", but as a category for I reports that, perhaps, could have been one of several known objects or natural phenomena. No reports identified as INSUFFICIENT INFORMA I TION contain authenticated facts or impressions concerning the sighting that would prevent its I being identified as a known object or phenomenon; PSYCHOLOGICAL MANIFESTATIONS - This identification I category was assigned to a report when, although it was well established that the ob I server had seen something, it was also obvious that the description of the sighting had been overdrawn. Religious fanaticism, a I desire for publicity, or an over-active imagi nation were the most common mental aber rations causing this type of report; I UNKNOWN - This designation in the identification code was I assigned to those reports of sightings wherein the description of the object and its maneuvers could not be fitted to the pattern of any known I object or phenomenon. I For the purposes of this study, two groups of identifications were recognized, the KNOWNS (including all identification categories except the UNKNOWNS) and the UNKNOWNS. I All possible identifications provided in the code system, except INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION and UNKNOWN, could be assigned accord I ing to two degrees of certainty, designated "Certain" and "Doubtful". I I 12


=== Page 23 ===

I I I A "Certain" identification indicated a minimum amount of doubt regarding the validity of the evaluation. By "rule-of-thumb" reasoning, the proba bility of the identification being correct was better than 95 per cent. A "Doubtful'' identification indicated that the choice was less positive, but I that there was a better than even chance of being correct. I It is emphasized again that, as was tr.ue for other phases of evalua tion, preliminary and final identification was entrusted only to scientists and engineers who, in addition to their broad scientific background, had I received instruction, where necessary, in specialized subjects. The panel of consultants provided background information for this instruction. Many of the cases representing unusual features or maneuvers were submitted to I and discussed with various members of the panel of consultants prior to the final identification. I Consistency in the application of the knowledge necessary for making identifications was maintained by frequent collaboration among the person I nel involved, and systematic spot checks of the work. In addition to the general fund of knowledge required to identify satisfactorily a reported unidentified aerial object, an attempt was made to correlate specific data I such as flight plans of aircraft, records of balloon releases, weather con ditions, and an astronomical almanac with the reported sighting. I The procedure followed in making final identifications deserves ex planation because of the importance assumed by the identification as a basis I for statistical treatment. As was mentioned, a conference of four qualified I persons, two from A TIC and two from the panel of consultants, decided upon the final identification for each sighting report. This work was done at A TIC, periodically, as reports became ready. I During an identification conference, each sighting report was first studied, from the original data, by one person. If that person arrived at a decision, it was checked against the preliminary identification; if the two I identifications were the same, the report was appropriately marked and I considered finished. If the two identifications did not agree, the report was considered later by everyone participating in the conference until a group decision could be made. I If an evaluator was unable to categorize the report as one of the common objects or as a natural phenomenon, and his opinion was that the sighting should be recorded as UNKNOWN, a group decision was also re I quired on that report before it was considered finished. A group decision I was necessary on all reports finally recorded as UNKNOWN, regardless of what the preliminary identification had been. In cases where a group I decision was not made within a reasonable time, the report was put aside and later submitted to certain members of the panel of consultants for their op1n1ons. If, after this, disagreement continued to exist, the report of the sighting was identified as UNKNOWN. I 13 I


=== Page 24 ===

I I Upon completion of final identifications, all data were transferred to IBM cards, preparatory to analysis. I I I ANALYSIS OF THE DA TA Broadly stated, the problem at this point consisted of the judicious application of scientific met~ods of categorizing and analyzing the sub jective data in reports of sightings of unidentified aerial objects. It was I recognized that an approach to this problem could best be made by a sys tematic sorting and tabulation program to give frequency and percentage I distributions of the important characteristics of sightings. A suggestion that an attempt be made to anticipate all questions that might be asked in the future about a sighting or a group of sightings, and to provide answers, I was rejected. The systematic approach also made it possible to develop a detailed reference manual of the attributes of the sightings included in this study. I Thus, at the beginning of the analysis, a detailed plan was developed I for sorting, counting, and tabulating the information from the punched-card abstracts of reports of sightings. It was believed at the time, and later substantiated, that the results of the program for sorting and tabulating I would serve as a, guide for the more sophisticated treatment involving statistical methods. I Also, it was anticipated that any patterns or trends that might be found could be subjected to concentrated study in the hope of discovering I significant information relating to the characteristics of "flying saucers". Further, it was believed that these trends could serve as certain of the criteria of validity for any concepts (models) developed in the attempt to I discover a class of "flying saucers". I The three parts of this study ( 1) the sorting and tabulation program, (2) the advanced study of the results of that program, and (3) the investiga tion of the possibility of conceiving a model of a "flying saucer" from I descriptions reported, are discussed in sections entitled "Frequency and Percentage Distributions by Characteristics", "Advanced Study of the Data", and "The I Flying Saucer' Model". I I Frequency and Percentage Distributions by Characteristics I The original conception of this study assumed the availability of sufficient data to describe adequately the physical appearance, maneuver characteristics, range, direction, and probable path of the object or I objects observed. However, familiarity with the data, acquired during the I 14 I


=== Page 25 ===

I ~ I translation and transcription from reports to punched cards, indicated that there would be relatively few specific variables or factors that would yield meaningful correlation studies. Either the original data were too subjec \L, tive, or the incompleteness of the original reports-wo1J:_ld seriously reduce the sample of a specific variable. I I Preliminary tabulations of various sortings substantiated the im possibility of deriving statistical results from certain variables, such as movement of the observer during the sighting, sound, shape parameter, I size, angular velocity and acceleration, appearance and disappearance bearing, initial and final elevation, altitude, and orientation of the object. The statistically usable variables presented in this study include the date, I time, location, duration, reliability, and method of observation of the sighting, and the physical attributes of number, color, speed, shape, light I brightness, and identification of the objects sighted. The presentation of frequency and percentage distributions of any of I the variables must be interpreted in the light of the sample of incidents I represented. For example, the analysis of the reported colors of the objects sighted, based on ALL SIGHTINGS, could lead to misrepresenta tion of the distribution of the reported color of the objects, because of the I multiplicity of reports on some of the phenomena. On the other hand, the percentage distribution of the light brightness reported by each observer is more likely to be correct than a distribution based on one report for each phenomenon. To assure that the most nearly correct presentation I was made, and to avoid the possibility· of failure to uncover any pattern or I trend inherent in the data, the variables were studied on five different bases or samples. These samples, and their numerical relation to each other, were as follows: I ALL SIGHTINGS (all reports) 3,201 cards UNIT SIGHTINGS, all observers 2, 554 cards UNIT SIGHTINGS, single observer 2, 232 cards I UNIT SIGHTINGS, multiple observers 322 cards OBJECT SIGHTINGS 2, 199 cards I The preliminary tabulations indicated that the samples based on UNIT SIGHTINGS, single observer, and UNIT SIGHTINGS, multiple observers, I would not add materially to this study. Accordingly, although the fre I quency distributions were recorded and are available for study, they are not presented in this report. 'I The bases of ALL SIGHTINGS, UNIT SIGHTINGS ( referring to all observers), and OBJECT SIGHTINGS are presented in Appendix A as Tables Al through A240. A critical study of these tabulations reveals that there is no apparent change in the distribution of any variable from one I basis to another, and that no marked patterns or trends exist in any sample. _I 15 I


=== Page 26 ===

I I Graphical Presentation Graphical representation of the important information contained in I the tables is presented in Figures l through 38. These figures present the distributions of the important variables only by the total nu.mber of cases I in each identification category, since no significant differences were found between the distributions of "Certain'' and "Doubtful" identifications of objects with respect to the variables. A chronological study of these I figures will afford a broad picture of the tabulated information, without the necessity of a detailed study of the tables. I A critical examination of the figures will show that no trends, patterns, or correlations are to be found, with the exception of Figures 18 through 30. I The apparent similarity of the distributions shown by these mirror graphs, Figures 18 through 23, was tested by statistical methods which showed that there was a low probability- that the distributions of the KNOWNS, and I UNKNOWNS by these characteristics were the same. These tests and their interpretation are discussed in the following section. For purposes of this I study, the strategic areas, shown in Figures 32 through 38, and Tables A223 through A240, Appendix A, were designated on the basis of concen tration of reports of OBJECT SIGHTINGS in an area. No other interpre I tation of the tables or remaining charts was deemed necessary. I Advanced Study of the Data I It was recognized that the lack of any patterns or trends, as shown by the tabulations and graphs, provided an insecure basis for drawing definite I conclusions. Accordingly, shortly before the sorting and tabulation pro gram was concluded, a program of study of the data was developed to utilize statistical and other mathematical methods, which could lead to a I more concrete interpretation of the problem. I Position of the Sun Relative to the Observer I The first thing that was done was to calculate the angle of elevation of the sun above the horizon and its bearing from true north as seen by the I observer at the time of each sighting. With this information, it could then be determined whether there was a possibility that the reported object could have been illuminated by light from the sun. In addition, it could be I determined whether an object could be a mock sun ( sun dog) or whether there was a possibility of specular reflection from an aircraft at the posi tion of the object, which would give the appearance of a "flying disc". I A program of computation was set up and carried out to obtain the I angle of elevation and the bearing of the sun for each sighting. All informa tion needed for this calculation was available on the deck of IBM cards. I 16 I


=== Page 27 ===

I I I I I I I I I I ,1952, 1501= 68.3% I I I I I I I Object sightings 2199 =100% I FIGURE I FREQUENCY OF SIGHTINGS BY YEAR FOR OBJECT, UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS I A-7479 I I 17 I ~ All sightings 3201 = 100% Unit sightings 2554 =100%


=== Page 28 ===

I I I I I I I I I I 474 =21.5% I I I I I I Object sightings All sightings Unit sightings 2199=100 % 3201=100% 2554= 100% I FIGURE 2 DISTRIBUTION OF EVALUATIONS OF OBJECT, UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS I A-7480 I I I 18 I


=== Page 29 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1952 Unknown 434=19.7°1. Astronomical 479 =21.8 % Aircraft I I FIGURE 3 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALU ATION FOR ALL YEARS WITH COMPARISONS OF EACH YEAR FOR EACH EVALUATION GROUP I A•7411 I I I 19 11


=== Page 30 ===

100 No. of object sightings 100 2199 79 143 186 169 121 1501 90 90 80 80 70 70 60 60 + c ~ 50 50 ~ Q,J ro 0 a. 40 40 30 30 20 20 10 10 C\\.\.:::<::<>0)J L>,,),,),,),,\.'\'\1 l'\;\'\\:\,'\'\'1 I\'\»),),).);! N>,'\',,'\'\>)j I\Y\'\\.'\'\"l RL~ I 0 - •• 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 0 I FIGURE 4 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALUATION FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR A-7 4 82


=== Page 31 ===

---------------------- No. of object sightings 70 55 83 127 129 183 638 407 166 125 106 105 I F+--1 ;..I 11 I I 11 11 I I I 11 11 I I I I I I I I 11 11 I I I I I I I I 11 11 I I 11 I I I I 11 11 I I 11 I I I I II 11 I I 11 1 1 00 90 "' Cl ·= +- 80 80 .c Cl cn 7 0 70 + u cu :.0 60 60 0 .c "' c 50 50 0 ~ ~ 40 40 "' 0 LLJ - 0 30 30 + c cu u 20 20 ' cu a. 10 10 0 I l>.':u>l I\» '\'I l>,V0J l\'\:0::1 ~ ~ l'\'001 J:00-:\'I L),'\).)I ~J l'\'\)-'::J l\»>.J I 0 Jon Feb Mor Apr Moy June July Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec FIGURE 5 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALUATION WITHIN MONTHS FOR ALL YEARS A-7413


=== Page 32 ===

30 20 10 0 10 20 30 I I I I I I I I I I I I Unknown I All years I I 1947 I I 1948 I 1949 I 1950 I 195 I I 1952 I Other Astronomical I All years I 1947 I I I 1948 I I 1949 I I 1950 I 1951 I I I 195 2 I. Aircraft I All years I I 1947 I I 1948 I I 1949 I I 1950 I I 195 I I I 195 2 I Balloons All years I I 1947 I 1948 I I 1949 I I 1950 I I 195 I I I 195 2 I I lnsuf. info. I All years I 1947 I 1948 I 1949 I 1950 I 195 I I 195 2 All years I 1947 1948 I 1949 1950 195 I 1952 I 30 20 10 0 10 20 30 I Certain Per Cent Doubtful FfGURE 6 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY CERTAIN AND I I I DOUBTFUL EVALUATIONS FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR A•7414 22


=== Page 33 ===

---------------------- 5001 400 sot 1so ~ ., C "' :;: .t::. "' II) .. 50t r::: X r-MK X\ -ISO .. u ~ 0 0 ... 40t I IX XTTIX X -f40 .. .0 c,a ::, E "' z 30t VI I<. X rTT1 X X-130 20 20 10 10 01 I JX X a::,::,,,l::±-¥ tf::::3>H::::t:><I :- l'Y:I Cl :-1 7 1'¥""-Y£1 l r I I I I I I I I I 110 I J F M A M J J A s O N 01 J F M A M J J A s O N O IJ F M A M J J A s O N O I J F M A M J J A s O N DI J F M A M J J A s O N DI J F M A M J J A s O N D 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 FIGURE 7 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS AND UNKNOWN OBJECT EVALUATIONS BY MONTHS, 1947-1952 C-7485


=== Page 34 ===

I I n Astro Doubtful Unknown I 71=33.3% I I I I I I I I / I \ /Excellent 2199= 100 o/o \ ' ' ' ' ' ' Unknown 188 = 24.8 o/o ' Astro- nomical ' ' ' ' ' \ '' lnsuf. 9=4.2 o/o Astr nomic -2 croft I =22.8 I \ '\ \ \ \ \ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I \ I \ info. I I I I I I ' / I I Good ' / I ' \ / I I / I ' I ,' I / I I ' I / I I ' I I I I I lnsuf. info. I 27=3.6% I FIGURE 8 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY GROUPS WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTIONS I FOR EACH GROUP A-748S I I I 24


=== Page 35 ===

---------------------- No. of object sightings 2199 79 143 186 169 121 1501 100 - t-- ,- ,- - t-- Excellent ' ' ', ' Good - ---- Doubtful ------ Poor ---- , , ,, ,, / I I' I I I I I ----- _v I I I I I I I I I ' I ' I ' ' I ' ' - I , , , --- - ---- ' ' ',, , ,, - - ', ', - --- ' ' , ', ', _, ', - --- r, - ' '' - ' ' ' ' - '', - I I - 100 90 90 80 80 70 10 ~ 60 60 C cu u 50 50 ... N) cu (JI a. 40 40 30 11- 30 20 It- 20 10i"" 10 0 I 0 All years 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 FIGURE 9 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS AMONG THE FOUR SIGHTING RELIABILITY GROUPS FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR A-74 87


=== Page 36 ===

(>' •-:-..v 0~ , ~0· 0~ ~ ~ ·,$' ~(:- ,~ CJ~ ~00~- t- (:-0 t/-"' .;/' <c~(:-;_o~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ 11■ 111111 • ~ ~ ~~~ ~ 6 -- 2's- - so-- 1Slbb \o 2 1 s s'o 1 1 s -,ob \ b 2 1 s s'o T's ,db\6 2 1 s s'o 1s 100 45r-l---Per Cent__/_\~--------/~--------/_\________/_ 4Qt--1------------J-l-----------/---\---4""'-------..---I-I------------J-- 3St--1------------,--1-----------,---1-- 3 Qt--1-----------' ,__ 1--,-----1-- 2 St---1-----_:____ 1---1-- Civilian ------1-- Civilian 20t--1--------1---1-- 1--------- 1-- I5t-- \--------I---- I- 1---------1- 1--------1-- f--•---- IOI I e [ I Civilian t----- I Military 1----------1- ----- 1--1 Ci villa n 1-----1 -- W Military 1------ i--------1 51 0 Military 01 J I I I ! ! ':j Military I ~ "' - C cu u ~ ~ Excellent Good Doubtful Poor FIGURE 10 DISTRIBUTION OF ALL SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY GROUPS. SEGREGATED BY MILITARY AND CIVILIAN OBSERVERS WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH SEGREGATtON A-1411


=== Page 37 ===

I I I IQO,r,:::+=+=11=+:+:::i:+r-r.r-r..r:,-0.;:r+:r+.:r~i-T~_f1_J7...,. 7'_J-rr.._ _,_T_._,- +-r+-r .._ri.....rrwwT---1-T---1-T r...,.r-1-1rr-"'[_"I."I.T..LL~n, IO 0 7...,. .... I I I I I + c cu I u L.. cu a. I I I I I I White Metallic I 23.5 % 17.7% I 90 Unknown \ \ \ \ \ ' I I I I I i, 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 Not OrangE Red stated 12.3% 10.0% 8.1% + c cu u " cu a. Other 28.4% FIGURE II DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY REPORTED COLORS I OF OBJECT(S) WITH COLOR GROUP I I I I EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH A•7419 27


=== Page 38 ===

- - I I >-+-i---+-+.......,._+-+---<__. - ~,....,....,....,....r-T""S....,...,-100 100- 8 0 I I 80- 60- 11 or more objects ~~-0~·~~'Y,f -20 <!> C .t::. 255= 11.6 % I object 1636= 74.4% 66=3.0% ,,....,,...."",,v'X,Y~'C◊O: -20 ~~~~~~~~~ - 6 0 3-10 objects 40- I 0. ::::, 0 "C ~ - 0 I cu (!) 20- C ·- (I) .t::. - I 0- 0 31'; C - ~~ - - I u 0 (I) ~ cu O') C cu . C cu 100- :0 (X) u ~,...,..T""T""'S,..........~ - IO O cu (.) 0 II °EN (.) 0 II ~ (\J (0 ~ cu O') ;c:...~-<":-<":v:vvccc; cu I a.. - o (0 v - 8 0 Q.. 80- ~ cu .0 E 60- ::::, 1----------i- 6 0 I z 40- I I 100- .................- ........- 20- o. t-+-+-+-+-+-+-,r-+-t-+t Unknown ::::, e 80-~~V~v"~V'~-~.,.._.,..ic:J',.~ Others I o_ (!) c lnsuf. info. :C 60- - 31'; - 40- c cu (.) ~ cu 20- I Balloon I Aircraft I a.. Astronomical I I FIGURE 12 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS SEEN PER SIGHTING WITH EVALUATION DISTRI BUTION FOR EACH GROUP I A-74 90 I 28 I I


=== Page 39 ===

--~--------------------------------------------- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 100---~-----~~~~~ 1 1 J 1 ! 1 J. 1 .111~~ lnsuf. info. mm !!!!!! m 9 0-1 No t /~~"'TTT"l7"7"''7"7"'7"?'"7~~~ eo-1 ~':.~.~. //'~ 111111-1-----------, 1111 1111111 70 . ~ov;ra~.mi ~~/;,• 1111111111111~_~1---------,- 11111 I 111111 61 ~ ::~ ~r::i I Il~_~~mffll 11111111111111 ;~;.in 40 = ~ - ~~~:.- /~~-IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIR===:=filllllllllllll lllll 30 -~:~30·::: ✓~:::~I 11111111111111111111111~-====:~BI 1111111111 5 ::~: :~e?:: :::::-111111111111111 ~;:==;=91111111111111 O-D~;~t!;:n -,,~-1,1111111,11m1111111 0 IO 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Evaluations in Per Cent FIGURE 13 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH DURATION GROUP A- 7491


=== Page 40 ===

No. of object sightings 70 55 83 127 12.9 183 63_8 407 - - L25 106 LOS 1.66 100 - I· 90 - ~ Not statec fn;;in 6-30 min u • II) o 61sec 40 I U) to I ;;; 5min \ I1_-~y - - I\ \' ' ' \ ' / ,., ,; ' ,; - ; ,,· .,. - ·, I' ' \ ' / / -"' ,, .... I I I I I , I i I - I - I I ,;' ~· - - V ,;' ;' .. I ' / I' ,,, I' / - V - ,,· ... I" I . ,-, - - I I ' r ' '\ I I ' ' ' ' ' -- \ \ I" 1·, I ' - ' '\ ~ I' ' I\ ' / .. \ ' ' .. ,-, r, \ ' .. / ' ... ,, -, / ~ ,-, ,,. . I' \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ I - .. ....... ,, I I 100 90 en Cl C . :;: 80 80 .c. ·- Cl ' I I ' (/) ' I I '\ I I 70 - 70 I u I Cl) I I 'B 0 60 60 - I I C I en Cl) .c. I (.) I 1: 50 I 5 0 ' I 0 Cl) I ~ a. I I . I 40 0 "' ~ 0 I I w ' I I - 0 30 I I 30 se_e \ f I C - 10-1v I CV '\' \ I sec \• . U 20 r 20 .,,. ' - ' Cl) 5 sec a. ond I 10 less 0 Jon FIGURE 14 ,,,· 10 0 Feb Mor Apr May June July Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTHS AMONG THE EIGHT DURATION GROUPS FOR ALL YEARS A-7492


=== Page 41 ===

---------------------- I I I .......-K\'.\,\.\.\.\.\.\.\l 11 11 I 1111 I P/7?777J1f------txx5o&'x54 I I I I I I 111111 I 11 ___......,..,,,,,,,,,, 100- lnsuf. info 23.5% 90- Not stated 80- ---i'·"~::-.1I II II II I II II 1•::====~111 II IIII II II II II Other 70- Flam 60- enticular --------r-f;'~ilIII II IIIII~I IIII C: - 0 50- ~ QJ QJ \~~:~11111111111111~:====;::====::-[ 111111 Q. (II 40- 30- Elliptical 1111• I \\ ~ 20- 4 \~11111111111111111111111~~::==:=-.IIIIIIIIIII 10- o_ Shape i...--.J,,.:~::__ 111111.1111111.I~ .11111111 I.I 111111 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Evaluation in Per Cent FIGURE 15 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SHAPE OF OBJECT(S) REPORTED WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH SHAPE GROUP A-7493


=== Page 42 ===

90- ioo-r-----------K'Z\:\.~\:i 11111111111 IV/T///1 .KXXXX?t 111 I I 1111111 eO-ln;~::~ed' ,/~~ 11111~~~::::::=::::~111111111111 ~ ::~I ffl • ~-u ;:::~:~II I111111111111111 ~t:==:=:;::::::::::==~t:::=::::=jgm I1111111111111111 ~ i ::~ :~i~t /iB II II IIII IIII IIIl~t=:::=:::=t:=:::::::=:::=::::::::~91111111111111111 ::~:~;~~~o :~::;~]!1111111111~~11111111111 1 :~ :~::Y 15t ~~~~:-1,111111.-t:::==c::::==:t:::==,_____ffl 1111 l 1111111 0 · 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Evaluation in Per Cent FIGURE 16 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY REPORTED SPEED OF OBJECT(S) WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH SPEED GROUP A-7494


=== Page 43 ===

---------------------- No. of all sighting 3201 117 205 164 306 160 2018 100- Location not stated , ... ... - Outdoors ~ " .c +- 0 .--:- ' ._,,,,,, '/ In bldg. , / / In plane ,,,- II ,.,,,, In car ,,, ,/' ' ' ., ' ' ', ,,-- 1_-:;.,' ~ ~ ~ ,,, ' ~ ' ~~ ' ' ...... _ ' ' ' , ... -- , _, ~ I ' I ' ' I ' I ' \ I \ I \ I \ I \ I \ I \ , , ' // ~ \ ,, , , '\ , , , \, , I , \ ,, ,,,, ,,, \ ,, 11~," , \ ~ ., / \ ,.,, \ ,.,,., \ \ \ --- ---- ........ -100 ~ 90- -90 + ... &, 80- -so <11 0:: u, 70- -70 "' C ·- +- 60- -60 ·- .c "' f/) 50- -50 ~ c,,.._ -40 (1,1 0 40- + c <11 30- -30 u I,. "20- -20 o. 10- -10 _Q 0 All years 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 FIGURE 17 DISTRIBUTION EACH YEAR OF ALL SIGHTINGS BY OBSERVER LOCATION FOR ALL YEARS AND A-74 95


=== Page 44 ===

Total Less Unknown Unknown Pe-r Cent Per Cent 30 25 20 15 10 5 0 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 I I I I I I I White Meta II ic Of ~ Not stated Orange Red Other I I I I I _1 _j FIGURE 18 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY COLOR,1947-1952 A-7496


=== Page 45 ===

-~-------------------- Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 0 IO 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 I I I I I I I I I - .. ■ ■ ■ One Two c,, (JI Three to ten Eleven or more Not stated FIGURE 19 COMPARISON OF KNOWN ANO UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS PER SIGHTING, 1947-1952 A- 7497


=== Page 46 ===

Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent 40 35 30 25 20 15 IO 5 0 0 5 IO 15 20 2 5 30 35 40 I I I I I I I I I - - Stationary Less than 100 mph 100 to400 mph More than 400mph Meteor-Ii ke Not stated I I I I I I I I I - - (1,1 0) FIGURE 20 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SPEED, 1947-1952 A-7491


=== Page 47 ===

---------------------- Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent 30 25 20 15 10 5 0 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 5 seconds or less 6-10 seconds 11-30 seconds "' 31-60 ...a seconds 61 seconds 5 minutes 6-30 minutes More than 30 minutes Not stated t FIGURE 21 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY DURATION, 1947-1952 A-7499


=== Page 48 ===

Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent 50 45 40 35 30 25 20 15 10 5 0 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 Elliptical Rocket and aircraft Meteor or comet Lenticular, conicol or c,, U a, teardrop Flame Other shop, Not stated FIGURE 22 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SHAPE, 1947-1952 A•7500


=== Page 49 ===

---------------------- Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent I 60 I 50 I 40 I 30 I 20 I 10 I 0 0 I O I 20 I 30 I 40 I 50 I 60 I I Sunlight on mirror or aluminum - Sunlight on - plaster, stone or soil -- - (1,1 / Brighter than moon U) ~ - Like moon .. ,... ... - Duller ' than moon ... - Not stated Fl GURE 23 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY LIGHT BRIGHTNESS, 1947-1952 A•7501


=== Page 50 ===

Total Less Astronomical Astronomical Per Cent Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20 30 40 January j t February March April May .. June 0 July August September October November December FIGURE 24 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS ASTRONOMICAL VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS ASTRONOMICAL A-7502


=== Page 51 ===

---------------------- FIGURE 25 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS AIRCRAFT VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS AIRCRAFT A-7503 Total Less Aircraft Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 January February March April May June ~ July August September October November December Aircraft Per Cent 0 10 20 30 40 t


=== Page 52 ===

Total Less Balloon Balloon Per Cent Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20 30 40 January l t February Morch April Moy ~ June I\) July August September October November December FIGURE 26 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS BALLOON VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS BALLOON A-7 504


=== Page 53 ===

---------------------- Total Less lnsuff icient Information lnsuff icient Information Per Cent Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20 30 40 \ I I I j January February March April May • June c,, July August September _ October November December FIGURE 27 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS INSUFFI CIENT INFORMATION A-7505 --/


=== Page 54 ===

Total Less Other Other Per Cent Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20 30 40 t January February March April May .. June .. July August September October November December FIGURE 28 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS OTHER VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS OTHER A-7506


=== Page 55 ===

---------------------- Total Less Unknown Unknown Per Cent Per Cent 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20 30 40 January j t February March April May June u, ~ July August September October November December FIGURE 29 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS UNKNOWN VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS UNKNOWN A•7507


=== Page 56 ===

I I - C co Cl> - -... cu ~ a. 1/) - C C Cl> 0 ~ (.) ... C Cl> ~ a. C 0 - 60 - ... Cl> <t 1/) (.) ... Cl> a. - - - C C Cl> 0 ... (.) ... <i ~ 0 - Cl> 0 C (.) C - C - 40 cu m a. ._ - Cl> Cl> (.) C .s::. ... 0- Cl> a. 60 40 20 3~ 60 40 3§ 40 20 3§ 60 40 20 a§ 60 20 38 60 40 20 90 80 \ Unknown V \ ~ ~ \ \ "~ ~ I I \_ '- i..:::: ~ -- I ....... "'-:: I , ~ I'- I ::.... ~- ~ \ ~- - ,1/ r - , \ (' \ Unknown ~ .:.;:; ,._ I "hf/,' 20 ,a:.._ \ I ;, -~ , -~~, \ ..:::.. I "' IL ~ I \._ ~---- ' - ,:,,, ' -- I I I \Unkn~~ h ~L ✓-~ , ' , r\ V v \ / J,, ) ~ , , h., y , ' -- -- , ~ \ ~ ' , ,/ , V b< ~ - ~ ---- _,_:,, ~ r:..:: v \ Unknown I "-.J.; 1/- ~ ~ l?- ii[\, /' ..::. \ I \ ¾ / v' / - ' !/ "' ,/ .:.:_ -::-, f-"a- ~ ✓ -- -~ ,__ ? \ /'-. "N \ I \ Unknown ~ I ~ - \., , ' \ \ ~ ~ ;- :::.:::.:: ..:::: I \ I .,::.. '-.; ~ I ' < ' ......... ~' _.. \ ' -✓- 0 -- _;~ -- -- --- \ Unknown i.-, \ , "t,' ~ V ~~~ I\ j , ~~ / ~ k: ~ l/ ~ ' ::>< ~ V ' ~ "- - f1/ 0 I,,.,. I',.. ~ -.::: ""' M ~~~~be,f~~~~;,•b~ ~-..,~~eb \,~(§;!~~aa:-~~:~-,~!:t;!~~~o~-e\,:~~e~~e~ n~ 0 ' ' ~,i~o~\o~ w; ~o' ~era,,,, , "- "'(,~~o Q~ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Number ofl I objects Color Speed Shape Duration I FIGURE 30 CHARACTERISTICS PROFILES OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY I TOTAL SAMPLE, KNOWN EVALUATIONS, AND INDIVIDUAL KNOWN EVALUATIONS, WITH UNKNOWN EVALUATIONS SUPERIMPOSED B-7508 I I 46 I


=== Page 57 ===

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 65" I - 40" 35" ~ --.J 30" KEY: IN EACH SUBDIVISION THE TOP FIGURE 45' INDICATES THE FREQUENCY OF ALL SIGHTINGS, THE MIDDLE FIGURE UNIT SIGHTINGS, ANO THE BOTTOM FIGURE OBJECT SIGHTINGS 115" FIGURE 31 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT, UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 1947-1952, BY SUBDIVISIONS OF ONE DEGREE OF LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE


=== Page 58 ===

15" 411" ~ 35" 00 311" 25" 611" CENTRAL WEST 59-10°' 45° 115" 105" 95" 911" BS" 1:11' ll!l" 110" 105° 100" 95" CANADA 90" BS 0 BO" 750 111" 65" 411" 1211" 65" FIGURE 32 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALUATION FOR THE TWELVE REGIONAL AREAS OF THE UNITED STATES, WITH THE STRATEGIC AREAS LOCATED (STRATEGIC AREAS WERE DETERMINED OH THE BASIS OF CONCENTRATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS)


=== Page 59 ===

---------------------- Balance of Central East Region 81 object sightings 6\0 ~ CD 36 FIGURE 33 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE CENTRAL EAST REGION a- 7511


=== Page 60 ===

(JI 0 10/5 1010 915 ~ l ~ \ ~ \ J L> I 43 ; ~ 1 r \ l\ \ J Balance of Central l I Midwest Region I I ) V ~,. \/ \ - 36 I 164 object sightings,\ ( 1010 915 FIGURE 34 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE CENTRAL MIDWEST REGION a-7512


=== Page 61 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Farwest Region FIGURE 35 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE CENTRAL FARWEST REGION B-7515 51


=== Page 62 ===

1010 9\0 36 t J I\ ~ 2 \F t 1 ICIO 9\0 8\5 e2 object sightings 0 Waco 210 object sightings 36 FIGURE UI N 36. COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE SOUTH MIDWEST REGION B-7514


=== Page 63 ===

---------------------- (11 (>I :) , 9 e object slvhtlnvs Albuquerque • 10/5 1010 1010 FIGURE 37 COMPARISON OF EVAWATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE SOUTH WEST REGION A-7515 36


=== Page 64 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Balance of South Farwest Region 19 object sightings FIGURE 38 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE SOUTH FARWEST REGION B-7516 54


=== Page 65 ===

I I This information consisted of: I ( 1) Time and date of observation in Greenwich Civil Time I (2) Latitude and longitude of the observer at the time of observation. I Figure 39 shows a celestial sphere on which Z represents the ob I server's zenith, ~ represents the sun, and N represents the north celestial pole. Using the date and time of the observation, the longitude and declina I tion (§) of the sun were obtained from an ephemeris of the sun and corrected for the equation of time. The difference between the longitudes of the sun I and the observer was taken, and called the hour angle (HA on Figure 39). I Then, using the declination of the sun (S), the latitude of the observer (lat), and the hour angle (HA), the angle (ZS)between the observer's zenith and the sun can be calculated from the law of cosines of spherical trigo nometry. Thus, cos ZS = cos (90 - lat) cos (90 - S) + sin (90 - lat) sin I (90 - S) cos (HA). I Since the angle ZS is measured from the observer's zenith, the angle of elevation of the sun above the horizon for daytime sightings was found by taking 90 - ZS. When the sun was below the horizon, the angle of depres I sion of the sun below the horizon was found by taking ZS - 90. I Having found the angle ZS, the bearing of the sun ( angle B} was ob tained from the formula: I sin (B) = sin (HA) sin(90-S) sin (ZS} I All of the above calculations were made with IBM equipment. Sines, I cosines, and their inverses were obtained from a deck of 9,000 IBM cards on which seven-place Peter 1 s tables of the sines, cosines, and tangents of angles had been punched for each 0.01 of a degree ·from O to 90 degrees. I Upon completion of these calculations, the cards representing OBJECT SIGHTINGS were sorted on the sign of the sine of the bearing angle. This separated the cards into two groups: ( 1) sightings which occurred between I noon and midnight, for which the sine of the bearing angle was positive; and I (2) sightings between midnight and noon, for which the sine of the bearing angle was negative. Then each of these groups was sorted into groups for intervals of 10° in angle of elevation of the sun from -90° to +90°. A count I was made of the number of cards in each group and from this a histogram was constructed (Figure 40}. The UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS were I then sorted out, counted in the same manner, and a histogram was made (again see Figure 40). 55 __I


=== Page 66 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I FIGURE 39 DIAGRAM OF A CELESTIAL SPHERE A· 75 35 56


=== Page 67 ===

~--------------------- Cl) 0 C - .s: - 0 en u - Cb ...... .0 0 (710 - __, "- Cb .0 E ::::, z 300 275 250 225 200 175 150 125 I 100 I I I I • Sun, rise 75 I I I I 50 I I I I J 25 0 I I I I I Sun~t I I I All object sightings ------+--41► Unknown object sightings -90 -60 -30 0 +30 +60 +90 +60 +30 0 -30 -60 -90 Angle of Elevation of The Sun Fl GURE 40 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS OF 10 DEGREES OF ANGLE BY ANGLE OF ELEVATION OF THE SUN, INTERVALS A-7536


=== Page 68 ===

I I The following points should be carefully noted about these histograms: ( 1) The negligible number of sightings when the sun is within I 10° of the zenith and nadir (angle of elevation of the sun = ± 90 °) of the observer is due to the fact that the southern- most latitude of the U. S. is greater than the declination I of the sun at the summer solstice, so that it would be im- possible for the sun to reach the zenith or nadir of any I observer in the U. S. (where most of the sightings were made). I (2) The time of day at which a particular angle of elevation of the sun occurs does not remain fixed but varies from I day to day. Consider, for example, the variation in sunrise and sunset times over the course of a year. I Thus, there are only two inferences to be made from this histogram: ( 1) the high peak of sightings soon after sunset, and (2) the lack of increase in the UNKNOWNS relative to the KNOWNS near either sunset or sunrise. I This would seem to discount the possibility that atmospheric phenomena such as mock suns were the primary cause of the unknown reports, since I such phenomena usually occur when the sun is near the horizon. The Local Sun Time was computed as a step in the calculation of the I angle of elevation of the sun. It is related to the hour angle by the equation: Local Sun Time (L. S. T.) =HA/15 + 12. 00, where L. S. T. is in hours and HA in degrees. I The cards were grouped on the basis of L. S. T. in intervals of one I hour, and the number of cards in each interval was counted. Again the UNKNOWNS were sorted out and similarly treated. Histograms were con structed with the results of these tabulations of OBJECT SIGHTINGS I (Figure 41). Here, again, there is a peak in the early evening hours. I The cards were then broken up into seven groups on the basis of the angle of elevation of the sun, as follows: I Group 1 - Daylight sightings for which the sun was more than 10° above the horizon. I Group 2 - Sunset sightings for which the sun was between 0° and 10° above the horizon. I Group 3 - Sunset sightings for which the sun was between 0° and 10° below the horizon. I Group 4 - Evening sightings for which the sun was between 10° and 40° below the horizon. I I 58 I


=== Page 69 ===

---------------------- -- -- 300 275 250 & 225 C +- -a, 200 en +- 0 175 a., ·-- ..0 I I I 50 25 0300 0600 0900 1200 1500 1800 :Midnight Midnight 0 150 I 0 I - I ~ (JI a., 125 Noon I CD I ..0 I ~ I E :, 100 All object sightings ,_ z L Unknown ;.bject sightings ~ ~ 75r 2100 2400 Loco I Sun Time FIGURE 41 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY LOCAL SUN TIME, INTERVALS OF ONE HOUR A-7537


=== Page 70 ===

I I Group 5 - Night sightings for which the sun was more than 10° below the horizon and which were not included in Group 4. I Group 6 - Sunrise sightings for which the sun was between 0° I and 10° below the horizon. Group 7 - Sunrise sightings for which the sun was between O 0 I and 10° above the horizon. These group numbers were punched on the cards and incorporated I into the coding system. The number of OBJECT SIGHTINGS in each group for each identification was then tabulated and is given in Table I. I TABLE I OBJECT SIGHTINGS I Angle of Elevation Group Identification 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 I Balloon 156 17 28 83 40 0 2 I Astronomical 52 6 43 236 118 9 6 Aircraft 187 23 49 144 60 5 2 Light phenomena 8 2 4 25 7 0 0 I Insufficient information 72 12 26 76 28 2 0 UNKNOWN 134 14 25 150 86 6 7 Other 64 8 12 50 36 3 7 I Total 673 82 187 764 375 25 24 I I According to this table, a large majority of the KNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS in Group 1 (343 out of 467) were either aircraft or balloons. In Groups 4 and 5 combined, a large majority (681 out of 899) were either I balloons, aircraft, or astronomical. Accordingly, a re-evaluation of the UNKNOWNS in these three groups was planned with the objective of deter I mining which of the UNKNOWNS in Group 1 might possibly be aircraft or balloons and which of the UNKNOWNS in Groups 4 and 5 might possibly be balloons, aircraft, or astronomical objects. More will be said of this I project later. I Statistical Chi Square Test I In the meantime, mirror graphs had been constructed from the fre quency tabulations which seemed to show that, when the KNOWNS (total less UNKNOWNS) and the UNKNOWNS were grouped according to one of six I characteristics, the percentage of KNOWNS and the percentage of 60 I I


=== Page 71 ===

I I I UNKNOWNS in each characteristic group showed the same general trend. In other words, on the basis of these graphs, it looked as though there was a good possibility that the UNKNOWNS were no different from the KNOWNS, at least in the aggregate. It was decided to investigate this by the use of a I statistical procedure called the "Chi Square Test". The Chi Square Test is a statistical test of the likelihood that two I distributions come from the same population, that is, it gives the proba bility that there is no difference in the make-up of the two distributions I being measured. The method is outlined as follows: I I ( 1) Adjust the distributions by multiplying the KNOWNS in each characteristic group by the ratio of the total number of UNKNOWNS to the total number of KNOWNS. (The Chi Square Test is applicable only to distributions which have I the same total number of elements.) (2) Take the difference between the number of UNKNOWNS and I the adjusted number of KNOWNS in each characteristic group. I (3) Square the remainder from Step 2. I ( 4) Divide the result of Step 3 by the corresponding number of adjusted KNOWNS. I This is the chi square for the particular group. Summing the indi vidual chi squares over the groups of a characteristic gives the chi square I for that characteristic. This number is then compared with a table of the distribution of chi square which can be found in many texts on elementary s tatis tics. I I It will be noted that chi square is tabulated in terms of degrees of freedom which in this case is one less than the number of groups of sight ings for each characteristic. I The tabulations of KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS against the six char acteristics and the Chi Square Test as it was applied are shown in Tables II through VII. In each case, the number of degrees of freedom is given, I as is the value of chi squares corresponding to probabilities of 5 per cent I and 1 per cent that two distributions with this number of degrees of freedom come from the same population. Since the greater the value of chi square the smaller the probability of homogeneity of two distributions, a calculated I value of chi square greater than either the 5 per cent or 1 per cent values will indicate a probability less than 5 per cent or 1 per cent, respectively, that the two distributions are homogeneous. The term homogeneity is used here to indicate that two distributions could have come from the same population. I 61 I


=== Page 72 ===

TABLE II CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF COLOR I I I I I I I Adjusted x2 Number of Number of Number of (K-n)2 I Color KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K I White 405 100 112 1. 44 Metallic 313 77 76 0. 01 Not stated 209 51 62 2.37 I Orange 172 42 49 1. 17 Red 146 36 33 0.25 Yellow 128 31 31 0 I Green 130 32 14 10. 13 Blue 67 17 26 4. 76 I Other 195 48 31 6.02 Total 1765 434 434 26. 15 I Degrees of freedom 8 I 15.5 I 20. 1 I I I I I I 62 I


=== Page 73 ===

I I I I I I I I TABLE III CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF NUMBER I Number of Adjusted x2, I Objects Per Number of Number of Number of (K-n)2 Sighting KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K 1 1339 329 297 3. 11 I 2 159 39 37 o. 10 I 3-10 185 46 70 12. 52 11 or more 41 10 25 22. 50 Not stated 41 10 5 2.50 I Total 1765 434 434 40.73 I Degrees of freedom 4 I 9.5 13.3 I I I I I I 63 I


=== Page 74 ===

I I I I I I I TABLE IV CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SHAPE I Adjusted x2 ' I Number of Number of Number of {K-n} 2 Shape KNOWNS KNOWNS {K) UNKNOWNS (n) K Elliptical 838 206 195 0.59 I Rocket and aircraft 80 20 33 8.45 Meteor or comet 55 14 4 7. 14 I Teardrop, lenticular, 103 25 22 0.36 or conical Flame 96 24 10 8. 17 I Other 193 47 54 1.04 Not stated 400 98 116 3.30 I Total 1765 434 434 29.05 I Degrees of freedom 6 I 5% 12.6 1% 16.8 I I I I I 64 I I


=== Page 75 ===

I I I I I I I TABLE V CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF DURATION OF OBSERVATION I ' Adjusted x2 Duration of Number of Number of Number of {K-n} 2 I Observation KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K I I 5 sec or less 259 64 27 21.39 6-10 sec 92 23 21 o. 17 11-30 sec 153 38 33 0.66 31-60 sec 108 26 42 9.85 I 61 sec-5 min 269 66 99 16.50 6-30 min 305 75 71 0.21 Over 30 min 135 33 37 0.48 Not stated 444 109 104 0.23 I Total 1765 434 434 49.49 I Degrees of freedom 7 I 5% 14. 1 1% 18. 5 I I I I I I 65 I


=== Page 76 ===

I I I I I I I TABLE VI CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SPEED I Adjusted x2 , Number of Number of Number of {K-n) 2 I Speed KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS ( n) K I Stationary 249 61 53 1. 05 Less than 100 mph 154 38 26 3.79 100 to 400 mph 181 45 58 3.76 I Over 400 mph 403 99 145 21. 37 Meteor-like 83 20 16 0.80 I Not stated 695 171 136 7. 16 Total 1765 434 434 37. 93 I Degrees of freedom 5 I 5% 11. 1 I 1% 15. 1 I I I I I 66 I I


=== Page 77 ===

I I I I I I I TABLE VII CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF LIGHT BRIGHTNESS I Adjusted x2 Number of Number of Number of (K-n) 2 Light Brightness KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K I ' I Sunlight on mirror 47 11 14 0.82 Sunlight on aluminum 151 37 28 2. 19 Sunlight on plaster, 76 19 16 0.47 I stone, or soil Brighter than moon 273 67 61 0.55 I Like moon or duller 68 17 22 1. 47 than moon Not stated 1150 283 293 0.35 I Total 1765 434 434 5.85 I Degrees of freedom 5 I 5% 11. 1 1 % 15. 1 I I I I I I 67 I


=== Page 78 ===

I I In five of the six cases, the probability is less than 1 per cent that the distributions are the same. In the sixth case, Light Brightness, the classifications are too nebulous to be of real value. However, these tests I do not necessarily mean that the UNKNOWNS are primarily "flying saucers" and not aircraft, balloons, or other known objects or natural phenomena. The UNKNOWNS might still be unidentified KNOWNS if either of the follow I ing cases occurred: I ( l} The characteristics which were observed for the UNKNOWNS were different from those observed for the KNOWNS because of the psychological make-up of the observer or because of I atmospheric distortion. This assumes the distribution of objects in KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS is the same. I (2) The UNKNOWNS may be known objects in different propor tions than the group identified as KNOWNS. (That is, a I greater percentage of the UNKNOWNS could be aircraft than the percentage of aircraft in the identified KNOWNS.} I The second case is the more probable one. In this connection, it is interesting to note the factors which contributed to a large chi square I result in the tests made above: (1) Color I The major contribution to chi square in color is from the color green. There is a large excess of green sightings I among the KNOWNS over the UNKNOWNS. Of the 130 known objects in this classification, 98 are astronomical, I and are due mostly to the green fireballs reported from the Southwest U. S. I (2) Number I The large chi square is due to a greater proportion of UNKNOWNS in the multiple object classification. Apparently these are harder to identify. I (3} Shape I In this case, there is a higher percentage of UNKNOWNS in the rocket-aircraft-shape classification. These might I be familiar objects for which unusual maneuvers were reported. I There is a higher percentage of KNOWNS in the flame and in the meteor- or comet-shape category, which in both cases appears to result mainly from excesses of I astronomical sightings. 68 I I


=== Page 79 ===

I I (4) Duration of observation I Here there is an excess of KNOWNS in the less-than- 5-second group. Again, the majority of KNOWNS in I this group are astronomical. The greater proportion of UNKNOWNS in the 31- to 60-second and 61-second to 5-minute groups cannot be explained. I (5) Speed I The major contribution to chi square for this char acteristic is due to a large excess of UNKNOWNS in I the over 400-mph class. It can be assumed that some of the excessive speeds are inaccuracies in estimates by observers. However, some radar sightings, which I are practically impossible to identify, show objects I with speeds of 1,000 to 2,000 mph and over, and these reports account for a number of these UNKNOWNS. (6) Light brightness I I Since this chi square was not significant, it is not necessary to discuss it here. I An examination of these discrepancies thus brings up a very interest ing point. In every case for which there is a significant excess of KNOWNS over UNKNOWNS, the excess can be attributed to an excess of identifiable astronomical phenomena. This would seem to lead to the conclusion that I astronomical phenomena are easy to identify and there are very few left in I the UNKNOWNS. Accordingly, the astronomical object sightings were deleted from the KNOWN object sightings and the Chi Square Test was again applied. The results are shown in Tables VIII through XIII, where in this case the KNOWNS do not contain astronomical sightings. I It will be noted that some groups were combined when the adjusted number of KNOWNS was ten or less, except for the case for which the I number of objects per sighting was the characteristic studied. These were borderline cases, and no good combination of groups existed. I It is apparent that the deletion of astronomical sightings gives a better fit, although the decision is not clear cut, since for two cases (light bright I ness and speed}, the chi square increased. However, it can again be pointed I out that the reporting of these two characteristics is highly subjective and is open to question. The estimation of speed is especially open to question because of the impossibility of accurately determining it visually. I I 69 I


=== Page 80 ===

I I I I I I TABLE VIII CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS I UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF COLOR Adjusted x2 ' I Number of Number of Number of (K-n} 2 Color KNOWNS KNOWNS {K} UNKNOWNS ( n) K I • White 281 95 112 3.04 Metallic 298 101 76 6. 19 I Not stated 189 64 62 0.06 Orange 117 39 49 2.56 I Red 92 31 33 0. 13 Yellow 90 30 31 0.03 Green 32 11 14 0.82 I Blue 29 10 26} I 0.57 Other 158 53 31 Total 1286 434 434 13.40 I Degrees of freedom 7 I 5% 14. 1 1% 18. 5 I I I I I I 70 I


=== Page 81 ===

I I I I I I I I TABLE IX CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF NUMBER Number of Adjusted x2 I ' I Objects Per Number of Number of Number of (K-n) 2 Sighting KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K 1 913 308 297 0.39 I 2 142 48 37 2.52 I 3-10 168 57 70 2.96 llormore 34 11 25 15.36 Not stated 29 10 5 2.50 I Total 1286 434 434 23.73 I Degrees of freedom 4 I 5% 9.5 1% 13.3 I I I I I I 71 I


=== Page 82 ===

, I I I I I I I TABLE X CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SHAPE I x2 Adjusted ' Number of Number of Number of (K-n) 2 I Shape KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS. ( n) K I Elliptical 632 213 195 1. 52 Rocket or aircraft 72 24 33 3.37 Meteor or comet 9 3 1.32 I Flame 47 16 1~} Teardrop, lenticular, 79 27 22 0.93 or conical I Other 151 51 54 1. 76 Not stated 296 100 116 2.56 I Total 1286 434 434 11.46 I Degrees of freedom 5 I 5% 11. 1 1% 15. 1 I I I I I I! 72 I


=== Page 83 ===

I I I I I I I I I TABLE XI CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF DURATION OF OBSERVATION Adjusted x2, Duration of Number of Number of Number of (K-n} 2 Observation KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS ( n) K I 5 sec or less 92 31 27 0.52 6-10 sec 47 16 21 1. 56 I 11-30 sec 31-60 sec 118 92 40 31 33 42 1. 23 3.90 I 61 sec-5 min 6 min-30 min 252 259 85 87 99 71 2. 31 2.94 Over 30 min 91 31 37 1. 16 I Not stated 335 113 104 0.72 Total 1286 434 434 14.34 I I Degrees of freedom 5% 7 14. 1 I 1% 18.5 I I I I I 73 I


=== Page 84 ===

I I I I I I I TABLE XII CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SPEED I x2 Adjusted ' 2 I Nu1nber of Number of Number of (K-n} Speed KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n) K I Stationary 196 66 53 2.56 Less than 100 mph 128 43 26 6.72 I 100 to 400 mph 156 53 58 0.47 Over 400 mph 291 98 145} I 28.54 Meteor-like 24 8 16 Not stated 491 166 136 5.42 Total 1286 434 434 43.71 I I Degrees of freedom 4 5% 9.5 I 1 % 13. 3 I I I I I I 74 I


=== Page 85 ===

I I I I I I I I TABLE XIII CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF LIGHT BRIGHTNESS I Adjusted x2, Number of Number of Number of (K-n) 2 Light Brightness KNOWNS KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS ( n) K I Sunlight on mirror 24 8 14} 2.67 I Sunlight on aluminum 136 46 28 Sunlight on plaster, 63 21 16 1. 19 I stone, or soil Brighter than moon 143 48 61 3.52 Like moon or duller 42 15 22 3. 27 I than moon Not stated 878 296 293 0.03 Total 1286 434 434 10.68 I Degrees of freedom 4 I 5% 9.5 1% 13. 3 I I I I I I 75 I


=== Page 86 ===

I I Another interesting aspect of these new tests is that there are only two large discrepancies in all of the groups. These are for the 11 or more groups in the classification by number of objects per sighting and for the I over-400-mph and meteor-like group for the classification by speed. The first was relatively unchanged by deletion of the astronomical sightings principally because of the concentration of sightings in the single-object I category. The second was slightly increased by the removal of the astro nomical sightings from the meteor-like classification. However, the main I discrepancy, that of the excess of UNKNOWNS in the over-400-mph class, was little changed. I The results of these tests are inconclusive since they neither confirm nor deny that the UNKNOWNS are primarily unidentified KNOWNS, although they do indicate that relatively few of the UNKNOWNS are actually astro I nomical phenomena. I It was decided that this process would not be carried to its logical conclusion {that is, the determination of a linear combination of KNOWNS that would give a negligible chi square when compared with the UNKNOWNS), I since it was felt that the inaccuracies in the reports would give a distorted and meaningless result. I The "Flying Saucer" Model I The importance of the problem dictated a second approach, should the I statistical results prove inconclusive. It was decided that an attempt would be made to describe the physical appearance, flight characteristics, I and other attributes {that is, construct a model) of a class or classes of "flying saucers". I Preparatory to this attempt, a re-evaluation of the UNKNOWNS was necessary. This re-evaluation was accomplished by a panel composed only of persons previously associated with the work. Using all the UNKNOWNS I reports available at ATIC, the panel made a careful study of the reports for the UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS in angle-of-sun-elevation Groups 1, 2, 3, 6, and I 7 - those .groups for which the sun was either above the horizon or less than 10° in elevation below the horizon. I This study had two purposes. The first was to determine, with additional information such as the angle of elevation of the sun, how many I of the UNKNOWNS might be ascribed to known phenomena. The second was to obtain those UNKNOWNS which were described in sufficient detail that they might be used to construct a model or models of "flying saucers". I It was decided to put any of the UNKNOWNS which might be known phenomena into a "possible KNOWN" category to denote the slightly lower I confidence level which could be ascribed to these new evaluations. The I I 76


=== Page 87 ===

I I I UNKNOWNS with sufficiently detailed description would be called II good UNKNOWNS", while the remainder would simply be called UNKNOWNS. One hundred sixty-four folders of a total of 186 OBJECT SIGHTINGS in I Groups 1, 2, 3, 6, and 7 were examined. There were 18 possible aircraft, 20 possible balloons, 7 good UNKNOWNS, 100 UNKNOWNS, and 19 others which were identified as being possible KNOWNS of various types. It is interesting to note that two of these were established as mock suns on the I basis of the angle of sun elevation and the sun bearing angle, together with the direction of the object from the observer. In addition, the UNKNOWNS I in angle-of-sun-elevation Groups 4 and 5 (nighttime sightings) were scanned with no attempt at identification, but to find any possible "good UNKNOWNS". There were five sightings that could be put into this category. I I Of the UNKNOWNS, there were approximately 20 sightings that were observed in such a way that they should have been recognized easily if they had been familiar objects, that is, there was little possibility that their shapes, as seen, could have been distorted sufficiently by one cause or I another to render them unrecognizable. There were a very few that would have been identified as guided missiles or rockets, but that were not so identified because of the geographical location in which they were seen. I I All of the remaining UNKNOWNS were classified as such solely be cause they were reported to have performed maneuvers that could not be ascribed to any known objects. In these cases, the shape might have been unrecognizable also, but it was felt that this was because of distortion and I distance, or because of darkness. This is a very important point. To put it differently, if these I UNKNOWNS, which represent all but about 40 of the UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS, were reported to have performed maneuvers which could be ascribed to I known phenomena, they would pro~ have been identified as KNOWNS. With the exception of some radar sightings, all of these maneuvers were observed visually. The possibilities for inaccuracies are great because I of the inability of an observer to estimate visually size, distance, and speed. I Reports of sightings by radar usually were of high-speed objects, some at extremely high altitudes. Some were identified as UNKNOWNS I because there was no object to be seen visually at the point indicated by the radar set. It cannot be said with any assurance what these radar sightings mean, but the most logical explanation is that they are ground targets re I flected by an atmospheric temperature inversion layer. The validity of this I statement cannot be established. It is felt that radar sightings in this study are of no significance whatsoever unless a visual sighting of the object also 1s made. I Taken in conjunction with the Chi Square Tests discussed earlier, I the results of the re-evaluation of reports identified as UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS would seem to indicate that the majority of them could easily 77 I


=== Page 88 ===

I I have been familiar objects. However, the resolution of this question with any degree of certainty appears to be impossible. I Thus, out of the 434 OBJECT SIGHTINGS that were identified as. UNKNOWNS by the data reduction process, there were only 12 that were described with sufficient detail that they could be used in an attempt to I derive a model of a "flying saucer". The following is a summary of the 12 good UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS: I Case I {Serial 0573. 00) I Two men employed by a rug-cleaning firm were driving across a I bridge at 0955 hours on July 29, 1948, when they saw an object glide across the road a few hundred feet in front of them. It was shiny and metallic in construction, about 6 to 8 feet long and 2 feet wide. It was in a flat glide I path at an altitude of about 30 feet and in a moderate turn to the left. It was seen for only a few seconds and apparently went down in a wooded area, although no trace of it was found. I I 6' to 8' I I I 1-1/2' X 2' I I I I I Case II {Serial 4508. 00) A naval aviation student, his wife, and several others were at a I These are round cups which protrude drive-in movie from 2115 to 2240 hours on April 20, 1952, during which time they saw several groups of objects fly over. There were from two to I nine objects in a group and there were about 20 groups. The groups of 78 I I


=== Page 89 ===

I I objects flew in a straight line except for some changes in direction I accomplished in a manner like any standard aircraft turn. I The objects were shaped like conventional aircraft. The unaccount able feature of the objects was that each had a red glow surrounding it and was glowing itself, although it was a cloudless night. I I I I I ,, I I I I Case III (Serial 2013. 00, 2014. 00, and 2014. 01) I Two tower operators sighted a light over a city airport at 2020 hours on January 20, 1951. Since a commercial plane was taking off at this I time, the pilots were asked to investigate this light. They observed it at 2026 hours. According to them, it flew abreast of them at a greater radius as they made their climbing turn, during which time it blinked some lights which looked like running lights. While the observing plane was still I in it.s climbing turn, the object made a turn toward the plane and flew across its nose. As the two men turned their heads to watch it, it instantly I appeared on their other side flying in the same direction as they were flying, and then in 2 or 3 seconds it slipped under them, and they did not I see it again. Total time of the observation was not stated. In appearance, it was like an airplane with a cigar-shaped body and straight wings, some what larger than a B-29. No engine nacelles were observed on the wings. I I 79 \_ I


=== Page 90 ===

I I I I I I I I I Case N (Serial 4599. 00) I A part-time farmer and a hired hand were curing tobacco at midnight on July 19, 1952, when they looked up and saw two cigar-shaped objects. I One hovered while the other moved to the east and came back, at which tin1e both ascended until out of sight. Duration of observation was 3 to 4 I minutes. Both had an exhaust at one end, and neither had projections of any kind. It was stated that they appeared to be transparent and illuminated from the inside. I I I Exhaust I I I 80 I I Lighted I I


=== Page 91 ===

I I Case V (Serial 0565. 00 to 0565. 03) I I A pilot and copilot were flying a DC-3 at 0340 hours on July 24, 1948, when they saw an object coming toward them. It passed to the right and slightly above them, at which time it went into a steep climb and was lost from sight in some clouds. Duration of the observation was about 10 I seconds. One passenger was able to catch a flash of light as the object I passed. The object seemed powered by rocket or jet motors shooting a trail of fire some 50 feet to the rear of the object. The object had no wings • or other protrusion and had two rows of lighted windows. I I Cockpit I windshield? I I I Pilot I I I I I I I I I I I Black Copilot 81


=== Page 92 ===

Case VI (Serial 4822. 00) An instrument technician, while driving from a large city toward an Air Force base on December 22, 1952, saw an object from his car at 1930 hours. He stopped his car to watch it. It suddenly moved up toward the zenith in spurts from right to left at an angle of about 45°. It then moved off in level flight at a high rate of speed, during which maneuver it appeared white most of the time, but apparently rolled three times showing a red ·side. About halfway through its roll it showed no light at all. It finally assumed a position to the south of the planet Jupiter at a high altitude, at which position it darted back and forth, left and right alternately. Total time of the observation was 15 minutes. Apparently, the observer just stopped watching the object. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Deep red 82


=== Page 93 ===

I I Case VII (Serial 2728. 00} I A Flight Sergeant saw an object over an Air Force base in Korea at 0842 hours on June 6, 1952. The object flew in a series of spinning and I tumbling actions. It was on an erratic course, first flying level, then I stopping momentarily, shooting straight up, flying level and again tumbling, then changing course and disappearing into the sun. It reappeared and was seen flying back and forth across the sun. At one time an F-86 passed I between the observer and the _object. He pointed it out to another man who saw it as it maneuvered near the sun. I I I I I I I I I I Black lines evenly spaced Proportion 7 to 1 I (Dimensions are as shown in observer's original drawing) I I I I 83 I


=== Page 94 ===

I I Case VIII (Serial 0576. 00) I An electrician was standing by the bathroom window of his home, facing west, at 0825 hours on July 31, 1948, when he first sighted an object. He ran to his kitchen where he pointed out the object to his wife. Total I time in sight was approximately 10 seconds, during which the object flew on a straight and level course from horizon to horizon, west to east. I I I I I I f 6' to 8' 20' (Ratio approx. 3:1) I I I I I I I I I I I I 84


=== Page 95 ===

I I Case IX (Serial 0066. 00) I A farmer and his two sons, aged 8 and 10, were at his fishing camp I on August 13, 1947. At about 1300 hours, he went to look for the boys, having sent them to the river for some tape from his boat. He noticed an object some 300 feet away, 75 feet above the ground. He saw it against the background of the canyon wall which was 400 feet high at this point. It I was hedge hopping, following the contour of the ground, was sky blue, I about 20 feet in diameter and 10 feet thick, and had pods on the side from which flames were shooting out. It made a swishing sound. The observer stated that the trees were highly agitated by the craft as it passed over. I His two sons also observed the object. No one saw the object for more than a few seconds. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I . Side view End view 85


=== Page 96 ===

to a patch Surface appeared dirty of motion / Direction I I Case X (Serial 1119. 00} I An employee in the supersonic laboratory of an aeronautical lab oratory and some other employees of this lab, were by a river, 2- 1/2 miles from its mouth, yvhen they saw an object. The time was about 1700 I hours on May 24, 1949. The object was reflecting sunlight when observed by naked eye. However, he then looked at it with 8-power binoculars, at I which time there was no glare. (Did glasses have filter?} It was of metallic construction and was seen with good enough resolution to show that the skin was dirty. It moved off in horizontal flight at a gradually in I creasing rate of speed, until it seemed to approach the speed of a jet before it disappeared. No propulsion was apparent. Time of observation was 2- 1/2 to 3 minutes. I I I I I I I I in rear Something equivalent I I I I and spotty in color I I I I 86


=== Page 97 ===

I I Case XI (Serial 1550. 00} I On March 20, 1950, a Reserve Air Force Captain and an airlines I Captain were flying a commercial airlines flight. At 21:26, the airline Captain directed the attention of the Reserve Air Force Captain to an object which apparently was flying at high speed, approaching the airliner from the south on a north heading. The Reserve Air Force Captain focused his I attention on the object. Both crew members watched it as it passed in front I of them and went out of sight to the right. The observation, which lasted about 25 to 35 seconds, occurred about 15 miles north of a medium-sized city. When the object passed in front of the airliner, it was not more than 1/2 mile distant and at an altitude of about 1000 feet higher than the airliner. I I The object appeared to be circular, with a diameter of approximately 100 feet and with a vertical height considerably less than the diameter, giving the object a disc-like shape. In the top center was a light which was I blinking at an estimated 3 flashes per second. This light was so brilliant that it would have been impossible to look at it continuously had it not been blinking. This light could be seen only when the object was approaching and after it had passed the airliner. When the object passed in front of the I observers, the bottom side was visible. The bottom side appeared to have I 9 to 12 symmetrical oval or circular portholes located in a circle approxi mately 3/4 of the distance from the center to the outer edge. Through these portholes came a soft purple light about the shade of aircraft fluorescent I lights. The object was traveling in a straight line without spinning. Con sidering the visibility, the length of time the object was in sight, and the distance from the object, the Reserve Air Force Captain estimates the speed to be in excess of 1000 mph. I I I I I I I I I 87 I


=== Page 98 ===

Flashing light I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 88


=== Page 99 ===

I I Case XII (Serial 3601. 00) I At 0535 on the morning of August 25, 1952, a musician for a radio station was driving to work from his home when he noticed an object I hovering about 10 feet above a field near the road along which he was I driving. As he came abreast of the object, he stopped his car and got out to watch. Having an artificial leg, he could not leave the road, since the surrounding terrain was rough. However, he was within about 100 yards I of it at the point he was standing on the road. The object was not absolutely still, but seemed to rock slightly as it hovered. When he turned off the motor of his car, he could hear a deep throbbing sound coming from the object. As he got out of the car, the object began a vertical ascent with a I sound similar to "a large covey of quail starting to fly at one time". The object ascended vertically through broken clouds until out of sight. His I view was not obscured by clouds. The observer states that the vegetation was blown about by the object when it was near the ground. I Description of the object is as follows: It was about 75 feet long, 45 feet wide, and 15 feet thick, shaped like I two oval meat platters placed together. It was a dull aluminum color, and I had a smooth surface. A medium-blue continuous light shone through the one window in the front section. The head and shoulders of one man, sitting motionless, facing the forward edge of the object, were visible. In the midsection of the object were several windows extending from the top to the I rear edge of the object; the midsection of the ship had a blue light which I gradually changed to different shades. There was a large amount of activity and movement in the midsection that could not be identified as either human or mechanical, although it did not have a regular pattern of movement. I There were no windows, doors or portholes, vents, seams, etc., visible to the observer in the rear section of the object or under the object (viewed at time of ascent). Another identifiable feature was a series of propellers 6 to 12 inches in diameter spaced closely together along the outer edge of I the object. These propellers were mounted on a bracket so that they I revolved in a horizontal plane along the edge of the object. The propellers were revolving at a high rate of speed. I Investigation of the area soon afterward showed some evidence of vegetation being blown around. An examination of grass and soil samples taken indicated nothing unusual. Reliability of the observer was considered good. I I I I 89 I


=== Page 100 ===

20' to 25' height I I I I I I I I I I I I I Approximately .....,._____ ----~ 75' long I I I I I I I I 90 I


=== Page 101 ===

I I I These 12 sightings can be classed into four categories on the basis of their shapes, as follows: ( l} Propeller shape - Case I I (2) Aircraft shape - Cases II and III I (3) Cigar shape - Cases IV and V I (4) Elliptical or disc shape - Cases VI to XII The criterion for choosing the above sightings was that their descrip I tions were given in enough detail to permit diagrams of the objects to be I drawn. It might be noted here that in all but one of these cases (Case XI) the observer had already drawn a diagram of what he had seen. The objective of this section of the study was the conceiving of a I model, or models. The requirement that the description be detailed is an I important one, and was the easiest to determine in the re-evaluation pro gram. However, a good model ought to satisfy the following conditions as well: I ( 1) The general shape of the object and the maneuvers it performed should fit the reports of many of the UNKNOWNS and thus explain them. I (2) The observer and the report should be reliable. I (3} The report should contain elements which should have been observed with accuracy, and which eliminate the I possibility that the sighting could be ascribed to a familiar object or to a known natural phenomenon. I ( 4} The model should be derived from two or more good UNKNOWNS between which there is no essential conflict. I It can be shown that it is not possible to deduce a model from the 12 cases that will satisfy all of these conditions. The following case-by-case I discussion of the 12 good UNKNOWNS will illustrate this point: I ( 1) Case I does not satisfy Conditions 1 and 4. The reported shape of this object is not duplicated in any of the other UNKNOWNS. I I • (2) Case II does not satisfy Conditions 1 and 3. There are very few UNKNOWNS in the aircraft shape classification. In addition, the unusual characteristic of this sighting I (i.e., the red glow) could have been reflection of the lights of Flint from the objects if they were either birds or aircraft. 91 I


=== Page 102 ===

(3) Case III does not satisfy Condition 1. It also does not satisfy Condition 4 when Case II is eliminated as a good UNKNOWN. (4) Case IV does not satisfy Conditions 1 or 2. There are few cigar-shaped or rocket-shaped objects reported in the literature. In addition, this observer is not con sidered to be well-qualified technically. (5) Case V does not satisfy Condition 1. It also does not satisfy Condition 4 when Case IV is eliminated as a good UNKNOWN. It might be argued here that many of the UNKNOWNS might actually have shapes similar to these good UNKNOWNS. It will be noted, however, that each of these five cases does not satisfy one of the other three condi tions. (6) Case VI does not satisfy Condition 2. In the description of the object, it was stated that at certain times there was no light seen from the object. Apparently, the "band of no light", as diagrammed by the observer, was an attempt to explain this. However, if the object were constructed as shown in the diagram, light should have been seen at all times. Because of this conflict the drawing is not considered reliable, and without the draw ing, there is not enough detail in the description to make it useful for this study. (7) Case VII violates Conditions 1 and 4. Although the shape is disc-like, the maneuvers performed by the object are unique both among the UNKNOWNS and among the good UNKNOWNS. Cases VIII to XII satisfy Conditions 1 through 3, but they do not satisfy Condition 4. The features which make them different from each other are as follows: (8) Case VIII. The object is smooth, with no protrusions or other details. ( 9) Case IX. The object had rocket or jet pods on each side that were shooting out flames. (10) Case X. The,object had a fin or rudder. ( 11) Case XI. The object had a series of portholes, or windows, on its under side. 92 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 103 ===

I I I (12) Case XII. The object had windows in its top and front and its top midsection. It also had a set of propellers around its waist. I It is not possible, therefore, to derive a verified model of a "flying I saucer" from the data that have been gathered to date. This point is im portant enough to emphasize. Out of about 4,000 people who said they saw a "flying saucer", sufficiently detailed descriptions were given in only 12 I cases. Having culled the cream of the crop, it is still impossible to develop a picture of what a "flying saucer" is. In addition to this study of the good UNKNOWNS, an attempt was made I to find groups of UNKNOWNS for which the observed characteristics were the same. No such groups were found. I I On the basis of this evidence, therefore, there is a low probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represent observations of a class of "flying saucers". It may be that some reports represent observations of not one but several classes of objects that might have been "flying saucers"; however, the lack of evidence to confirm even one class would seem to make I this possibility remote. It is pointed out that some of the cases of KNOWNS, before identification, appeared fully as bizarre as any of the 12 cases of I good UNKNOWNS, and, in fact, would have been placed in the class of good UNKNOWNS had it not been possible to establish their identity. I This is, of course, contrary to the bulk of the publicity that has been I given to this problem. The reason for the nature of this publicity was clearly brought out during the re-evaluation study. It is a definite fact that upon reading a few reports, the reader becomes convinced that "flying I saucers" are real and are some form of sinister contrivance. This reaction is independent of the training of the reader or of his attitude toward the problem prior to the initial contact. It is unfortunate that practically all of the articles, books, and news stories dealing with the phenomenon of the I "flying saucer" were written by men who were in this category, that is, I men who had read only a few selected reports. This is accentuated by the fact that, as a rule, only the more lurid-sounding reports are cited in these publications. Were it not for this common psychological tendency to be captivated by the mysterious, it is possible that no problem of this nature I would exist. I The reaction, mentioned above, that after reading a few reports, the reader is convinced that "flying saucers" are real and are some form of I sinister contrivance, is very misleading. As more and more of the reports are read, the feeling that "saucers" are real fades, and is replaced by a feeling of skepticism regarding their existence .. The reader eventually reaches a point of saturation, after which the reports contain no new infor I mation at all and are no longer of any interest. This feeling of surfeit was I universal among the personnel who worked on this project, and continually necessitated a conscious effort on their part to remain objective. 93 I


=== Page 104 ===

I I CONCLUSIONS I It can never be absolutely proven that "flying saucers" do not exist. This would be true if the data obtained were to include complete scientific measurements of the attributes of each sighting, as well as complete and I detailed descriptions of the objects sighted. It might be possible to demon strate the existence of "flying saucers" with data of this type, IF they were I to exist. Although the reports considered in this study usually did not contain I scientific measurements of the attributes of each sighting, it was possible to establish certain valid conclusions by the application of statistical I methods in the treatment of the data. Scientifically evaluated and arranged, the data as a whole did not show any marked patterns or trends. The in accuracies inherent in this type of data, in addition to the incompleteness of I a large proportion of the reports, may have obscured any patterns Qr trends that otherwise would have been evident. This absence of indicative relation ships necessitated an exhaustive study of selected facets of the data in order I to draw any valid conclusions. I A critical examination of the distributions of the important char acteristics of sightings, plus an intensive study of the sightings evaluated as UNKNOWN, led to the conclusion that a combination of factors, prin I cipally the reported maneuvers of the objects and the unavailability of supplemental data such as aircraft flight plans or balloon-launching records, resulted in the failure to identify as KNOWNS most of the reports of objects I classified as UNKNOWNS. I An intensive study, aimed at finding a verified example of a "flying saucer" or at deriving a verified model or models of "flying saucers" {as defined on Page 1), led to the conclusion that neither goal could be attained I using the pre sent data. I It is emphasized that there was a complete lack of any valid evidence consisting of physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object. I Thus, the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS considered in this study are "flying saucers" is concluded to be extremely small, since the I most complete and reliable reports from the present data, when isolated and studied, conclusively failed to reveal even a rough model, and since I the data as a whole failed to reveal any marked patterns or trends. Therefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is I considered to be highly improbable that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technologi cal developments outside the range of present-day scientific knowledge. I I 94 I


=== Page 105 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I APPENDIX A I TABULATIONS OF FREQUENCY AND PERCENTAGE DISTRIBUTIONS BY CHARACTERISTICS I I I I I I I I I 95 and 96 I


=== Page 106 ===

I I INDEX OF TABLES I Page Table Al. Evaluation of All Sightings by Years 107 I Table AZ. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Years 107 Table A3. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Years 108 I Table A4. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, All Years. 109 Table AS. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1947 110 I Table A6. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1948 111 Table A7. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1949 112 I Table A8. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1950 113 Table A9. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1951 114 I Table Al0. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1952 115 I Table Al 1. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, All Years 116 Table AlZ. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1947 117 I Table Al3. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1948 118 Table Al4. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1949 119 I Table Al 5. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1950 120 Table Al 6. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1951 121 I I Table Al 7. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1952 122 Table Al 8. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, All Years 123 Table Al 9. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1947 124 Table AZO. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1948 125 Table AZl. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1949· 126 Table AZZ. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1950 127 Table A23. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1951 128 I Table A24. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1952 129 I Table A25. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years 130 Table A26. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 130 I Table A27. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948 130 Table A28. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949 130 I Table A29. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950 131 Table A30. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951 131 I Table A31. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952 131 Table A32. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years 132 I Table A33. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 . 132 I I 97 I


=== Page 107 ===

INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Table A34. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948 . Table A35. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949 Table A36. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950 Table A37. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951 Table A38. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952 . Table A39. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years Table A40. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 Table A41. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948 Table A42. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949 Table A43. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950 Table A44. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951 Table A45. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952 Table A46. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A47. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table A48. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1947 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A49. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1947 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table AS0. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1948 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A51. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1948 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table A52. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1949 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A53. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1949 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table A54. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1950 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A55. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1950 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table A56. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1951 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers Table A57. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1951 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers Table ASS. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1952 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Military Observers 98 Page 132 132 133 133 133 134 134 134 134 135 135 135 136 136 136 136 137 137 137 137 138 138 138 138 139 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 108 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Table A59. Table A60. Table A61. Table A62. Table A63. Table A64. Table A65. Table A66. Table A67. Table A68. Table A69. Table A 70. Table A 71. Table A 72. Table A 73. Table A 74. Table A 7 5. Table A 76. Table A 77. Table A 78. Table A 79. Table ABO. Table ABl. Table A82. INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Evaluation of All Sightings for 1952 by Sighting Reliability Groups, Civilian Observers 139 Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, All Sightings 140 Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Unit Sightings 140 Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Object Sightings 140 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported . 141 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported 142 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported 143 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object 144 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects . 144 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects • 145 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Eleven or More Objects . 145 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated . 146 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object 147 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects . 147 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects . 148 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Eleven or More Objects . 148 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated . 149 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object 150 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects • 150 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects . 151 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Eleven or More Objects . 151 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated . 152 Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years 153 Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947 153 99


=== Page 109 ===

I I INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Table A83. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1948 Table A84. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1949 Table A85. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950 Table A86. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1951 Table A87. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952 Taole ABB. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years Table A89. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947 Table A90. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1948 Table A91. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1949 Table A92. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950 Table A93. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1951 Table A94. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952 Table A95. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years. Table A 96. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947 Table A 97. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1948 Table A 98. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1949 Table A99. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950 Table Al00. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sightings, 1951 Table Al0l. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952 Table Al02. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Five Seconds or Less Table Al 03. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Ten Seconds Table Al 04. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Eleven to Thirty Seconds . Table Al 05. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Thirty One to Sixty Seconds Table Al06. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Sixty One Seconds to Five Minutes . Table Al07. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Thirty Minutes Table Al 08. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Over Thirty Minutes Table Al 09. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Duration Not Stated . 100 Page I 154 • 154 I 155 155 I 156 157 I 157 158 I 158 159 I 159 160 I 161 161 I 162 162 I 163 163 164 I 165 I 166 I 167 168 I 169 I 170 I 171 172 I I I I I


=== Page 110 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Table AllO. Table A 111. Table All2. Table A 113. Table All4. Table All 5. Table All6. Table Al 17. Table All 8. Table All 9. Table AlZ0. Table Al2l. Table Al22. Table Al 23. Table Al24. Table Al 25. Table Al26. Table Al27. Table Al 28. Table Al29. Table Al30. Table Al3l. Table Al32. INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Five Seconds or Less 173 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Ten Seconds 174 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Eleven to Thirty Seconds . 175 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Thirty One to Sixty Seconds 176 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Sixty One Seconds to Five Minutes • 177 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Thirty Minutes 178 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Over Thirty Minutes 179 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Duration Not Stated . 180 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Five Seconds or Less 181 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Ten Seconds 182 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Eleven to Thirty Seconds • 183 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Thirty One to Sixty Seconds 184 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Sixty One Seconds to Five Minutes . 185 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Six to Thirty Minutes 186 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Over Thirty Minutes 187 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months of Year, Duration Not Stated • 188 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical 189 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft 189 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet 190 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular, Conical, or Teardrop 190 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame 191 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes 191 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated 192 101 I


=== Page 111 ===

I I INDEX OF TABLES (Contin~ed) Table Al 33. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical • Table Al 34. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft Table Al35. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet Table Al 36. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular, Conical, or Teardrop Table A 137. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame Table Al38. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes. Table Al 39. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated Table Al40. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical Table Al41. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft Table Al42. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet Table Al43. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular, Conical, or Teardrop Table A 144. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame Table Al45. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes Table Al46. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated. Table Al47. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary Table Al48. Evaluation of All Sightings for AU Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Less Than One Hundred Miles per Hour . Table Al49. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, One Hundred to Four Hundred Miles per Hour Table Al 50. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Over Four Hundred Miles per Hour Table Al 51. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Meteor-Like Speeds . Table Al 52. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Speed Not Stated . Table Al 53. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary. Table Al 54. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Less Than One Hundred Miles per Hour . Table Al 55. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, One Hundred to Four Hundred Miles per Hour Table Al56. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Over Four Hundred Miles per Hour Table Al 57. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Meteor-Like Speeds . Table Al 58. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Speed Not Stated . 102 Page I 193 I 193 194 I 194 195 I 195 196 I 197 197 I 198 198 I 199 199 I 200 201 I 201 I 202 202 I 203 I 203 204 I 204 I 205 205 I 206 I 206 I I I I


=== Page 112 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Table Al 59. Table Al60. Table Al 61. Table Al 62. Table Al63. Table Al64. Table Al65. Table Al66. Table Al67. Table Al68. Table Al69. Table Al70. Table Al71. Table Al 72. Table Al 73. Table Al 74. Table Al 75. Table Al 76. Table Al 77. Table Al 78. Table Al 79. Table Al 80. Table AlBl. Table Al 82. Table Al83. INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary 207 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Than One Hundred Miles per Hour . Less 207 Elevation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Hundred to Four Hundred Miles per Hour. One 208 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Four Hundred Miles per Hour. Over 208 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Meteor-Like Speeds . 209 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Speed Not Stated • 209 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness. 210 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness 211 Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness 212 Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, All Years 213 Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, Location of Observer During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1947 214 1948 215 1949 216 1950 217 1951 . 218 1952 219 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, White or Glowing White Objects . 220 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Metallic Obje:::ts . 220 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated 221 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Golors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Orange or Glowing Orange Objects • 221 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Red or Glowing Red Objects . 222 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Objects 222 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Yellow or Glowing Yellow Objects . 223 Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Objects of Other Colors 223 Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, White or Glowing White Objects . 224 103 I


=== Page 113 ===

I I INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Table Al84. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Metallic Objects . Table Al85. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated Table Al86. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Orange or Glowing Orange Objects . Table Al87. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Red or Glowing Red Objects Table Al88. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Objects Table Al 89. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Yellow or Glowing Yellow Objects • Table Al 90. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Objects of Other Colors Table Al 91. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, White or Glowing White Objects . Table Al 92. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Metallic Objects . Table Al 93. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated Table Al 94. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Orange or Glowing Orange Objects . Table Al 95. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Red or Glowing Red Objects . Table Al 96. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Objects. Table Al 97. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Yellow or Glowing Yellow Objects . Table Al 98. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration of Sighting, Objects of Other Colors Table Al 99. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, One Object Table A200. Evaluation of All Sightings for Ali Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Two Objects . Table A201. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects • Table A202. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects . Table A203. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated Table A204. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, One Object Table A205. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Two Objects . 104 Page 224 225 225 226 226 227 227 228 228 229 229 230 230 231 231 232 232 233 233 234 235 235 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 114 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Table A206. Table A207. Table A208. Table A209. Table A210. Table A211. Table A212. Table A213. Table A214. Table A215. Table A216. Table A2 l 7. Table A218. Table A219. Table A220. Table A221. Table A222. Table A223. Table A224. Table A225. Table A226. Table A227. Table A228. Table A229. Table A230. Table A231. Table A232. INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects . Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting' for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects . Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, One Object Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Two Objects . Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects • Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects • Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting for Duration of Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated • Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by North American Location. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by North American Location Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by North American Location Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region . Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region . Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region 236 236 237 238 238 239 239 240 241 241 242 243 243 244 245 246 247 248 248 248 249 249 249 250 250 250 251


=== Page 115 ===

I I INDEX OF TABLES (Continued) I Page Table A233. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region 251 I Table A234. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region 251 Table A235. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region 252 I Table A236. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region 252 Table A237. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region 252 I Table A238. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region . 253 Table A239. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region . 253 I Table A240. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region . 253 I I I I I I I I I I I I I 106 I I


=== Page 116 ===

I I I 7'/l.tlL£ IV I I I I Evaluation ().Balloon l·Astronomical 2•Aircraft 3-Light Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-lnsuffi~ Info. 7-Psychological S.Unlmown 9-0tti.. Total ,1LL ~~,,,./5 Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t1tJ /xtJ ¢.ti 1.4 St, /t/tl 4'1/, 71// !?;1 ;¢.? /;Jt, 255 H'i 'Jfli u/Z /// f.tl 2tll u 2t/ ,,;/,. /.{J t'l.f ;.i If /tl 29 tJ./, #.J tlf /2, /;' ',1,C- O.t/ tU. 1t 2?J? 0 :!?t I/;' 00 ?.J :Ji /0 ✓ I IZ OS' /5 U9 o;,H V!> CICJ ::..''5 112- rs //;f J'S /. I 4.t 2100 ¥(// ?ttJ/ -7/? 2il /VU d4"7 Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain lloublful Total '7 /} ,; l...tJ /) (} L.tJ rz ff ,t//} iV/ I.. !, ;'I/:!. 2 :! ,;,' 11 1.1 1,/ :z t) 1 1.1 JJ(} /.,, ti Cl /J Ou /JI} /,If/ /j ;,I /} () {) Ii IJ /] /] 4 tJ ;,t, ,?.CJ /)/) /[{) J' 2, J;' ~./, 1.1 z.'J' 2!? tl "{ 2J9 t}tJ 2 ~() ,. • I~ ,'/ 1'! ,,;;,; tJ.;} NI,; ,os /:Z, //'1 ft.x 1/J.2 llf/0 /? ;/ % /9✓? Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlaon Ooubltul Total Ceit11R iiouiiiiiii fo1_a_ -- - -~~ - ;rt 2:J .?7 Sf 'IS /%, /,f, ,; 2/ 4// /2, -SJ qt, <~ ,,,,, j".',; !?u 11..5 14 /12, '1/7£ if." :J.,"". '5" .,s_,,,,,, JI, _.,- 21 1fi ,iJ/ /(/ ~ ?I et ,7 1i LI .'✓. ~' :z t, ~ /Cl '2. It 3? 0 0 tJ 00 /,10 no e s s /(/ I.,; '?.5 4' I 5 II oz 11 0 Cl 0 tl.0 /J.O 00 tl 0 tJ /J // tlo tlV ;o tJ 1.'? ¥. S' (,/0 v.J J't, 0 _7(, fl C'O ,p' I 0 I 05 uo //,; J 0 J' /l1 t!O £~ ,<n ti :Z7 /:1.Z a,, 11;; 56 0 st. ///2. 0.L' /I/<? ¢ ,f IZ /Q ,: t) .5S // 0 // 2i C'V :! i ;v/ fl ::o,; /.~.5 S9,; 1,a-: '2.31 /~£..'' :7f5 5$7,; 4?.5 /00 I lf5'tl ds/ 1tl5!!,, Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Per Cent Nunter Number PerCSII Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oooblhl Total ~ertain Certain Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Ooubtfu Total .Doobtlll Total O.Balloon ,.t1u :131 S.l ,j Zf? !Ci Z.g If I ,u 'T.I /I.-?'' //l ,t/ ;l/ L.2 ?,5 f{ '1 11'1 I ,.,., I-Astronomical /1/1 '!90 4'? f!!, '7,/ 111,:0 gz 21/2 ?t,t 25 17 ,t/2, 10.t. tt.2- 12.9 /..o /JU 2 ..Aircratt ;,:, 1 4d 1111.0 5.0 15".tJ ~!,/) r• /!, nL 12.'1 "-(9 /'ti. :zn 4f7 /2.L/ 115 1271 J.Light Phenom. ,Z/, 0 1J {) /)/J 0.0 19.0 z I .J' /.J' t?.7 2.tl ;'7 1/J' I.J /JJ Z/ 4-Binls /] (} 0 rJ./} 17.IJ /7./1 5 If 1;' ti I / LJ.tJ /J.1 tJ.1 IJ.I. cu /I4 I --~ 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. ,, /]/) 0 /J /J./} tJtJ n.L /] /J /] 00 tJ.tJ 0.L /2. 12- 1.J ?!, .. - "·" 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. /.J ILi. /1/> JC! /1,/, 00 /t.0 //f 0 41 //,.tJ ;,j 0 ,✓ Jf.1 tl.O i'.1 &'.2 // (} 41 I.J' 7-Psychological /1,/J /.3 l.q I 1 '/'1 I 2, /J.1 t'J.7 ;,t/ OJ 1.t, 21. ,t/,:,:: S.UnknolMI 00 ?:z.t, 52. V {) 71 2n ,'J 52, M.5 11.0 f2.5 /J./J 2?.2. 4H 21.i tJ I 9-0lher s,;.2, 2A ,ft, 1,5' w ;,; 'I 1 Al 2J !? t7 J{ !,,O 17.0 ~tJ '?.Z /.tl Total :?;Z 5;,' j'tJ.., ft.1 11'1' //1/.l ;t,i ,;'ff IZtJlf 17:t.4 271, IW f2, It.CJ l</J.O W'1 /~ ;,;.o _j____ I /fh<l /SU7 ALL 1 Et9£S 1Nf Number PerCml Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuni>er I Total Certain Toi.al Certain DouLtfu lloobllul Evaluation Certain Doublful Total Domtlul Total Certain Ooobtlu Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total Total Certain Doubtful Certain ., tJ 0-Balloon ;,t/ //} U' 1.f /~/ 0 ft /,..5' a2r J. 9 S9 JJ/.1 1' II .:? 11/ 41 J'J'9 /1.{J '/.t 157 '1.Z ? I-Astronomical ?,/ ftJ '751,, 2.'/ ?.1 55 1/d 4U, 111 11./, ?J' i it tH Hf .Sx% l.1f 60 10.0 250 i 1'1 l19t If '"·" .2.J,. 2-Aircraft ,/ /? '? 1(,, zit, ?IJ.{, If /2, "',./ 5:7? 1.2,4 2, /3 ,t/ If r~ ro 2.35" //.II 9.2 z '?/ ?,/ 1/.t I lj ,? 3-Light Phenom. :,_ qJ IJ{J I.Ju ~2, :Z/ 15 2 {J 1J o.f 2,/ /J 0 /.l 5f 1.J Ah ?../ 2 .7 s 0 2 ,_z 4-Birds /J.Q /J,9 :z. .7 5 t7.$ tlS (),4 l? 'l/J I~ Z.J /J,O /J,11 /J.() .J' 'O ?.3 z I 0 0 CJ 5-Clouds_ Dus~ el~ /} J ()./ IJ.1 IJ.0 /JO IJ.0 tJ.tJ 7 /0 0.4 /J.O l7 /'} IJ tlO tl.O 0 0 /J /JO 0 .3 t7 /J r, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. j'J 0 It/, 1, :1,i,J If./ /4 /] !¢tl 0 /Z, 0 It, !?.I/ 11/0 Zt.l 10'l /J.O 1).0 11.i/ / 'T /J 11 I/ I (l 0 I (J 7-Psychological ,;,;, J ,'J I /. J .9 4"5 J.i /.I/ /J.t/ .? () 1 JJ tJ 3 ? O.o 11 z ~ ?.I 52 t?.1 .JI ,, /) 8-IJAknown C)/,1-pt 19.f ,? t~ d.5 ?.t/f Cl //, L/91 /JO 1U? Ill~ /J.O 1/0; J''J 0 1.1/.0 1-ICJ 2✓ n tltJ '* Q .,, 1/ p,; 9-0thei t, ,JI) ?, /,. 4.J. ?§ 'iZ, ?.Z Zi 1,:Zo 11.1 1.1. I. I 0. {J /1,.,J;' /J, tJ //, lt,S b 0 jl/1) 91, I ,;fl,/ Total '11.f ~f./ /tl(). 111, 1111 1;7 ?!:,I/ 9'1 51/ 11,J ;,,ot- 100 /2- 91 11.'/ /Of). !,i/.1 15'..J 11m £5' f1t I I I I I Evaluation O.Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft ~LighlPhalOm. 4-Birds 5--Clouds,0ust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-rsychological S.Unlcnown !j.Qtlla Total ds-o Nu- Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 21!- 5' ?1 /,1.;, .t4 1-t.? ,t/2, ;J? ., tJ 2/J. I ,(I. 1i1 '/CJ // /(/ !tlj ,;.J N.t, {J CJ tJ /J.(J O.tl /J.O /J /J tJ /J,/J IJ ,? /JtJ 0 CJ (J JJ.O /JtJ IJ.0 2/, 0 2/, ;-? 1/ tl.Cl /J.4 z, tJ 2, J.0 '/)./] /.tJ 42 CJ 4~ ,Mt 0.0 Ml ~ 5 // 4. 9 'J ,I ,;::, l7tJ .7? 209 Id I( t '1"". /f.?/ Nwnbe1 Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 4 g J1!, Lt, 2.z f.i LI /// ?~ 15.J' //} :z. !5.5 It J? ,,,; II 1 5% / 7.- .~ ?. I J' ·I~ /J1 1..i {J I I IJ.0 IJ. .,, /J 1 Cl Cl Cl J!l.tJ /J.O /JO ;(I 0 ;,/ It?.$ I I 2. /} 7 /} '1 /II f'J' /J .7!? 1,,-,7 tJ. tJ :1-11 fl tJ ~ K.$ .a/] ,;:g /t)9 ?. K !11 1/?.1, ;'J.ll/ 11•.;?. 111!~ LI~, //~::.. Numbet' Per Cent Number Pertml ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtlul Total Certain Do-I Total //,,( /W '}t;,e 'll 7.5 111 219 !Of fl/I 1.7.9 L. 1 '1.o.t '1 II 19% 1/IJ9 11.1 11.5 IH~ '7£ 11 1/.7 15 /,/J t., lj 5 //I ().5 11.. 11.I g 1 ;tJ tJ 2- ()4 tJ.{,, /J () 102 115~ ti 154 9.t tJ.tJ 'l.t 21, I, 1t /.5 /). .1 d J''II/ /] :?.!,'// 217.0 tl.O 12~,:, SP JI, I,{ 1./J IJ, 9 ?.9 11n ?1,1 tl.1 /Pr). 107 I


=== Page 117 ===

tf.$' 0-BallDDII 1-Asbonolaical 2-Airaaft Higt,tPhenom. 4-Birds 6-lnsulli~ ~b. 7-Psydlllo&ical !Mllber /fc.? Number Percent Number Evaluation Certain OOUblful Total Certain Oooblful Total Certain Doubtful 0-BailOCMI fl/ q ?5 1?.II ?._;/ !ti.~ i' ? 1-Astrooomical ?5 ;t/ ?9 ;;/f ff.'! !.V 11, 14 2-Airaaft ?1, t; u 1.5'.IJ s.3 Jli'.1 /', /. 3-Li&lltl'll!nom. tJ IJ /) 11./J ,,,, /Jn I I 4-Birds IJ /J I) /1 fl /).f} ,,,, 17 I :.Clouds, Oust, el~ /J IJ tJ /J;; I}/) ,,,,, 17 17 6-lnsuffic. kifo. N I) ?t/ ;;It, -1 I? IQ~ 1// IJ 7-Psycllolo!ical !2, /J z /?. /Jn /.:Z I I II-Unknown _N t:J 19 1!.IJ n/J U/J fJ tJ !Mllller ~ f 9 15 /.Ji' f;,J 'I' tJ Total 139 .3 tl Iii. 9 ff?..3 ;:(? Jtl/J. 95 21, /?S-/ Percent Total Ceflain Ooublld Total ertain II t.L ?.5 ?.I N 1 t ~,, JV I/. I, IN.Ji' ,,,, ti !d.t/ .;:tJ 11.¢ 19.1 1, IJ.i tJi It H I /}/} /JX /I~ 1 {J /J /) IJ.t) /J.t, ? ;t/ If.I, tJ.O 116 11/K t, IJ.K IJ.f /./, ?5' n 27.1 tl.lJ 21.f .ftJJ 7 ,;:~ tJ.tJ 5:f s-/ /1,/ 11'.I' 5" ,,, {' It)(). '075" /~-2. Nulll>er Oooblful Total Certain 111 UI n fl ,, / :2 11.,I 171. fl,f l:t.? Fl .19 I.? S" t./ /15 7 1/) /).? tJNt ff I. JI I.? /} l.10.r M.t /Q ~5 ,.~ I/ti, ,,:-,,,; 171.1. Per Cenl Doubtful Total n; 119 /. I ,i.. II 7 I'll/I A.f ?I. /J 'l /JS O,;; /J.7 /1_/J f.f A. I/ 2./ /)tl ?/J.t tJf ,/ f 2.i'.¢ ,,,n_ Nu•ber Pe,C<nl Cellain Ooublfu Total Cerbin OOJbtful • Tot.t 108 I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 118 ===

I I I ff tfLL I I I I EVIi- ~8111111111 l•Aslnlnomical Hircralt 3-Li;,tPho,om. I-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffl~lnlo. 7-Psyd,ololical 1-- ~ Total JA ,,, , ~ ,0 V lmmbef Per Cent Certan Doubtful Totll Certain Doubtful Total 3 3 6 2.1 n 4'. ~ 2'1 ,,, 15 'l.J.3 H.fl ff/ {, 3 9 1/.'f 2.; "' 0 0 0 o. 0 0.6 0. 0 0 0 0 o.o Q. G 0.0 0 0 () n.D o.O 0.0 9 0 (} f.'J 0. ~ 5.9 , 0 ~ I .. < o.o /.~ 1(, 0 2, l'f. Q.0 /,.. q I 10 ,.1 0,7 7-3 83 SJ l36 (,J.C 3f.Q ,no. F r6J<?(,IA~~ M,1,:,c,. A~H''- Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent t;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cer1Jin Doubtful Total Certain Dou!>lfUI Toi- 'I 0 'f '1.7 0.0 "/.] 16 'I 20 9.t :7.~ 12., 7 J I (J 3-) l.f j'.(J 17 ,, J3 18.3 /7.1 '3S.S 1 I )0 ,; I 1},7 ,2. HJ S2 'f /,/ JC 0 'l.f JQ,S 'I s l'f "·' 5." I.>, I 13 7 30 13,9 'f.1 li,J )/i 9 3' JI/ I 'f. p !R._P 0 0 0 O.D o.O o.o 0 0 0 o. 0 o.o Q,p I 0 I M o.o Q,5 n 0 0 o. 0 o.o q. D s Q !i 3 0 o.o J. 0 If I s- :1 Q o.s 7,S () 0 0 /).{, 0. 0 o.o 0 I I o.O o. t I.I, 0 0 0 O.I O.P o.o /J Q /J '" 0.0 l'I.O 12 0 12 11:l o.o 11.3 u 0 2' 110 o. (J IJ.C 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 o.o () (J 0 o. D o.O 0.0 J 0 :/ /.P o.o /,Q II, 0 IG 17-2 o.o 17.1 1'f 0 ,.., 17.f 0,0 17.~ n 0 J7 78.S' o.q 2f'. B 0 e a., 0.() i.6 I 17 18 o., JP.:J 10.1, z 0 '2 /.Q 0,0 J.0 n. 2/ '13 m n, 119, // 7 '19 ,,, 10.• 1q.1 /00· l7f '2! 200 8f.S 10 S /l}P. I I I I I NAv ,r,,A/ ~ ,T11 v A11,11,:,r Enluation Nmnbef Percent Number Per Cent Namer Per Cenl Numbef PerCmt Certain Doubtful Totll Certain Doublful Tolal Certain Doul>tful Totll Certain Doubllu Tola! ~ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Dou!>llul Total Certan DoulilfU Total Certain DooblfUI Tota 0-BallOCNI 21./ s 2f 12.~ ).t />.D 3• ' If; IS.~ 2 ,6 16.~ IC!O H IS5' /0.8 ,. r /0 3f 'I 't BJ 7, Rlf- /.rf 1-A-ical JB /0 38 11'.~ 51 lf.t 29 )3 .J 2 /J.7 IP./ 2:l.i /J & H 171 ll.S S.'I IR.; n 70 l1J /U-2 I.}. I/ J.3 6 2-Aircralt 15 1$ 'fl) 12., 7- 7 ,o., Jo IJ 'f.J a.? 5. 7 Ii.ti IJJ 'I .8 :/J/ /If.< /I. r; 7'1.fi r:i H 107 ,11.~ IA. 6 u., Hipll'tl010m. 3 3 {, 1.5 /·.< ~./) I J 't 0 ~ I. 1 /.7 /If 'f 18 /.f o. If !.'I 7 7 l'7 I 1 /. 3 ,., I-Birds 0 J ;, 0.1 /. Q /,Q 0 () • 0 0.0 o.o r1.~ l.f 3 7 0- If o. 3 a. 7 0 0 0 n.O 0 d n.o S-Clouds, Dust, etc. 8 () B 1/.I o.l} 4./ 0 (} 0 Q.n 0, () o.o 4- I } ()/,; n I n_ t' n I I /J 0 u z o 2 6-lnsuffi~lnfo. 72 0 2.? 11.J O.P //. J 7< 0 '2S !/. p Q.Q //. () (}9 0 f?B "'' o. 0 ~5' 'H 0 "15 ~-/, P.0 B' 7-Psychological (1 p 0 n.o o..1 n., t. 0 (, ?_r, P.Q ';1.6, 'I 'I If /. {) /. 0 1.0 10 I l I /. 'I 0. 2 )../ 1-UnknoMI 36 0 31, ti.I, 0- p 1/1.~ 't 7 0 'f7 "" 0-0 n~ 19!; 0 115 ')/.0 00 '21.0 I If 0 /19 JJ.B (). 0 21.9 9-0lller 'I 'f 13 'f.l, 2.- I 6, 8 I " J.~ o.'t J.'J If a I 'II "/.J {)./ !I.If II 7 18 2-1 I. J J If Total IH 3q fqf 1f.? ;2!)./ /00. 192 If 6 2.18 7f.B 2f.) 106, 103 '16 92'/ 75, 7 2lf. 3 //J.0. lJ(, I fS 5'21 t',' l 3.,.5 /()(). I I I I I I I I ', Ei"T,E'"MJrT/i' O,r.-,.,~ ,1... - ·-•e.lf' PFc,,._,r,H Evaluation Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Nudler Per Cent Number Per Call Certain DOUbtful Totll Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain DoublfUI Total Certain Doobllul Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doul>lfUI Tola! Certain DoulilfU Tola! Certam Doobtful Total 0-BallOCNI 6 I 'f UJ 2.P C,' u It 'J/ 37 83 /().' l'/.1 5 If '23 3. 0 //.0 l'1.1 'I 7 Ir, J'.lf 't-2 f:' l•Astrormical 31 II '12 llf.8 f,l U,() 'I 0 2/ 61 21.8 /0.f 11.7 28 ✓, 57 17. I 17. 7 39.I 11 Ji 63 ,,., ,,g. 5' J7.5 2•Aircralt I I-{ 37 fl t,.7 /7,/,. .11/.J // I 7 18 5, 7 f.'I II/./, /1 I I, 27 ~ t.7 /.$ fl o.' 11.,f l-'I I? I I 't u 7./ 8 3 15. 't 0 I ,., () 0 o.t 3-Lighll'tlom. I 2 3 n: < /. D 1.5 I 'I 5' 0 S 71 u 3 I I-Birds I 1. 3 0,5 ,.o /.f J 2 7 J.6 /.O '1.L. 0 () () o., o. Q Q./) 0 0 0 O. I 0. 0 0. 0 S-Clouds, Dost, etc. 0 I I 0,0 O.'i o ..'> 0 I I o.u ().5 o.s 0 i 9 o. 0 'f.9 ~-'I n () 0 o.o 0. 0 ().0 6-Jnsuffi~ Info. :io q 20 'If o.P 'H I 2. /) n /.7 o.o r,.;J i Q B l;.9 ().{) 'f,, 9 I} 'f r;_ " 11, 0 s:,,. 7-Psychololical 3 () 3 /."' (). p /,J/, I 11 I o.s o. () (J.J I 0 I D., ().IJ o.t ii 0 'f .?. 'f 11 /J 1.'f 1-UnknoMI H (J St, 2{7 (J./J 2t.7 3t n Jt li,7 o.o Ii,] 17 (} 3:/ ,p,; Q. 0 /1.( '10 0 'fO JN S.'t ().0 0 p JJ.8 ,,,,. 9-0lller &' 3 II 3-11 /, I; ,. ;/ '.l I 'f /.' o.s , I If I} 'I J.'f o.l :1..~ 'f Q 9 Toi■ I lfO 7() .1/tJ (,C.7 33..J /00. 1)5' (, 7 lf2 &!./ 3'1,'! !PO. f2 12 1''/ !&./ 'fJ.'l Ill. 11& f2 /~8 tr,o J.U ,;,. I I I I 109 I


=== Page 119 ===

I I 6'y' MPIVTH T,,,,yU .d A .. /y_:,;:; Iv A ,R v MA""<# - AP-e,1. EYliuation Nmober Per Cent _, Per Cent .. Per Cent - Nu■ llef Pertffll Certain Doubtful Total Ceitain ~I Total Certlia Damlful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doublfvl Tola! Certain Total Certaia lloulJlfv Total Certain llalblful Total 0-Ballooo l-As1nn>llical 2-Airaafl i'<' ·c ,IY'- J ~ 3-Li&lrtPtr-. ~ ~ I' ... " ~" ... \ 4-Binls / :\\ ,..,_\ ,.,,, 5-<:louds.llosl,elc. ; y y 'I 6-lnsuffic.lllo. ~ - t-- " " 7-Psydlllogir:at ~ . \.' ~~· \ - 8-Untmo.. \- \ , 9--0ther Total I I I I I M~v TvAI/. ,TtJLY - A vtiP~,.. Evaluation Number Per Cent Nundler Per Cent .. Per Cent - Nu■ llef Per Cent Certain Doublfvl Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Doublfvl Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Total Certain lloublfv Total Certain llalblful Total 0-Balloon I () I ?:7 o.o 77 ( 0 6' /'-1 AA /n.9 (') p () 17.t) f'J.t/ 0,0 l-As1Jonomical t) I I ,,,, 7.7 7, 7 s ~ 'i' 9/ .t,J ,u. .. ' I 7 -n.s / -., IL"7/, 2-Airaafl " 2 I) J1. /';"/J 0.1) IS:O () ·1 ~ l?.O :?I. ~J. I) I\ 0 IJ,0 /1, ()_I) 3-Li&lrl Ptrenom. ,;,_ 0 0 I? ,., /J LJ./) /) n I n I d 110 l'i 0 0 I) l./1 A,, IJ.O 4-Binls I""-.' IJ n " A,, An ,,_,,, (1 /) /J ao I',() '20 0 0 ~ h,0 0.0 IJ{) 5-<:louds. Dus~ elc. I\\ /) () {) .,,,. d.0 n,.. 0 /) 0 ,,,,, ,,,, IJ./) /} I) () ,.,, An (}_(l 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ::(' 0 3 2,., 0./J 7::1,/ 'I () r 1#.S 1).0 1/4(_!' 7 C) 1 nr ~-0 12.t;° 7-Psydlllogical " I () I 7. 7 tl.o ?.}' 0 .z. ;z. 11_1) 1.! -,r b tJ .,, All /)I) ,, . II-Unknown "' t.J 0 I> :?nQ ().i) :,,,9 I.Z n 1;;,. .,,~ IJ.f) ,, Q , (1 7 1/'J,I /J./J "~" 9--0ther I ,,., I 7.? ao .,., /6 0 16 1-,q I (l,0 l?q/ Q 0 /) 0.0 do {)_IJ /OP. Total I/- I I.J 'l.:U 1.7 /Pf), 11-f 7 ST 87.J 12 1 1/()0 If" I 16 19:;,.7 l,.] 'i= - - -R$R //rTpN, ·g - A/pv$"M "i:rg .1?,::-t:~-"#Q~/j" Evaluation Nmollef Per Cea! Per Cent NullDer Per Cent Number PerCml Certain DolJbtlul Total Certain Doublill Total Certlin Damlful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtfvl Total Certain lloulltful Total Certain lloublfv Total Ceruin Ooibtllll Total 0-Balloon 0 0 p d.P /),I) d.O () 0 () R.0 "·' O.D {) 0 /) tf_O P.o o.o I) 0 /I PR ~/) t?.11 l•Astmoomical I () I /£7 ,,_,,, IJ.7 lu J //, !n7 II) f" ll?JJ, • I I 2 :,:,3 17.3 ';: ~ ("" 0 .- /A/J?J 110 /tl(),/) 2~ircraft /') I) h An ,,.,, "·' p IJ " ,1.tJ. "-0 /?./) 0 0 I) /),() 00 P.D IJ 0 0 tJ.O PO tJ./1 3-Li&lrtPtr..... fJ () /J A.I) /JA ,.,,., 0 I) 0 /l./) 0/J /Jn I " I 33..'i ,,,,, -ns 0 0 0 (J,/J IJ.O OD 4-Binls 0 0 () /'J/J ,.,,, ao " 0 () ,.,, IJ.IJ ,.,,, I) /) () ,,_,, tJ,0 ao /) 0 /) 0.0 tJ.D IJ.l) 5-<:louds, Du~ etc. b I) {) 4,/J ""' o.n " /) 0 /J.O 40 /'J.O 0 0 " ,., I) /J./l ao 0 tJ II /JO 120 ,..,,., 6-lnsuffit.lnlo. I I} I /J.) ,~ . ., ,,,, ,, ,, ltt: "7 I} p () 1),0 P.O 17.0 () C) 0 ao ()_/) ,, 0 0 d {},() IJ.0 /JO 7-Psycllologir:al I 0 I I 16, '7 I n I 5.3 IJ,,? _<,? 0 ~ " ,.,,, /'JI? o.n () 0 p O.P "" /II. 8-Unkno.. ~ I} 3 t:11 n /) I) lrn.n .2 /J '7 /(l.J r, ,, 11J.S I) 0 I} ,,,, 4() o.O 0 /J 0 O.I) QA /J/1 9-0ther I) 0 0 0,/J /)J? /JI} I} d 17 ,.,.,, IJ.P ().0 () 0 ?J 11.IJ ti.I) /J./) 0 .,, 0 ao 0. 4 IJ.0 Total I 0 6 V.:t1.o /},, 14') /7 ,,z.. 19 '/9$ Id,., /~ 2... I 3 IM:'1 :Js.1 It». .r I} 5 /IJ0,4 0.0 lo/). 110 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 120 ===

I I I 'f'.IJlijE /It. £1/,£L J/AT?,{1111 I I I I EVIi- II-Balloon l·Asbonomical 2-Aircraft ~Lilli! Phtnom. 4-Birds 5-Ctouds, Dust, et~ 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. 7-Psydlllolical a..-.. 9-0ther Total J',4ut,.LUV fcml>er Pe,C111t Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain () c? 0 IM ,.,,, "-' 0 /IJ ::? 13 L?~ /<; 7 811 7 I) /7 p t>.O ,i A ,, I) 0 /) () ~ IJ.O o.o /J./J 0 /) 0 I) 0,/J /)./) AA 0 0 0 0 /),I) A.0 ,.,, () L I) 2. /.2.5 ,:,,o l:Z,f" () t? () 0 I.O ,.,,, /).6 0 t) I) () ,:,,o /}/) UJ 0 c? I I M> .,( 7 ~~ 0 1.2 II It Jf:O 2,;:o MP. 7 ,C $6' R'f/AR'r' Number PerC111t Doubtful Total Certain Doubllul Total I) p (),I) t),/) /J,D 2 q ,,,..,,,. '" 7. IIAD,I) l:J /) O.t! /},() /JfJ 0 lJ IJ,{) tJ.o ll,P p ., I) r) () IJ.O /),I) () {) 0 0 l:J t?,,P ,,,, tl.o I)/) CJ,() IJ.o /) I) I)/} /).() t)I) () fJlJ /J,1) tJ.p /') () o. n ,t!p /J.O .J.- 1 1~7,,( ;l;z,2. ld/7. MA .fi"C// Ar.Ir/'- Numt,e, PerCeot Nu- Pe,Clllt ~ertain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Tolll Certain Doubtful Total Certlin O.llul Tot- 0 {) 0 P.I) t>/J ,,_ I 2. 0 2 I/// l),p II.I 1 p ;z. ~,; IJ.D 17> ~ ,, f g 0.lJ /Jn r ~t/::, p IJ 0 D./) tJ.IJ "~ ':/ ,., 'i' 11'.7 /J.1' /6 7 I) I) 0 ,?.() IJ.P 0./J I) 0 0 O.P 1),0 /J,0 /J lJ 0 /J./) d./J /7.I) I /) I . .-.~ /J h '!i.i. t) I) C, .-,p /J.P IJ.P () " D /I.I /J /) /'J /J " /} 7 7? /JI) 2~.• I 0 I C-1, /J,/) •'- IJ 0 I) 0,D /)_I) ,l,I) n I) 0 1'.P I) I) ,, ,, I () I /I.I t/1' //,/ 01' I) 3 //,,7 "A n7 , A' # (),/) 1111..r /.ill{ () " () /J /J t),I) nn .r /I. '1 .s:r.r JJ,J,, 1170 I tJ f I( 0>,6 JJll,ti /OP, I I I I M/fY ,Tv,/e- /J.lt-Y AJ./G()ST Evaluation Number Per Cent Number Per Cent NuntJer Per Clllt Number Per Cent Certain DotJbtlul Total Certain Doubllul Tolll Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubt~I Total ~ertain Doubllul Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubllu Total Certain Olllbtful Total II-Balloon 0 0 0 /)_ ti 0.17 l?,P 3 /) 3 OA 0.() .sil.o 1/- I 6- //,] 2.£ /.)., 9 {) :z. :;z 0,0 /J° 2 1!2 l•Astrommical I I :i. 'f. I 9./ /r. ~ 0 0 (J ,.,, 0.() ().() /./ " 1'3 ,,., 7 :Z.'3 I I, I 31,i ). 2 If 111. 2 /l 2 9./ ;,f,t, Jg;i 2../\ircraft I t) I 'f.l ,M 'I I I) I) 0 ,:/./) /), 0 IJ.O ,J 2 7 ,, f J'J.t/ I I ;z Q I 3-liillt Ph1110m. 0 ? ? P,I) '7~3 27,3 0 3 3' (),/) ~,./) S°JJ.IJ I /) I 2.1. "·" , ' /J ~ I) /JI) ,.,,. on 4-Binls 0 I I ~-0 q/ 'I.I 0 /) (J I),/) n.o I},() 0 I I ,1.() 7,/, :2.L 0 0 I) ,1,() 0. () o.o 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ (J n (? '"" nn i,,c /} D 0 tP,p o.o IJ I! t 0 /) (J.P 0.0 o.o I} tJ n (), 0 I'.'. 6 IJ.O 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ? /') 3 ,., '!' 0. 0 ;27,:J IJ 0 /) an /J.I) IJ.I) /) CJ 0 n A 0.1) IJ fJ I () I I// /JI) 'f I 7-Psydlllo~cal ,, A /) P,P "-~ P.O () 0 0 IP.O t.~ /)IJ /) tJ c? (),O /),0 ao tJ. () J!J 0.0 0. 0 co 11. :J.. ~.o 0 /) /Q 7 &-Unknown I /J I QI /J.{) IJ. I 0 (? 0 ,?,O () /) /J, /) II t7 /I -,«, P.O ::zt.:. I) tJ () /J.I) 9-0ther IJ 17 0 11.P ~p (),/) /) tl IP ,,,,, /).O IJ.O ' t) I .2,I, 0.0 7L 0 L 2 i::/rJ Total t ' If 15"°~6' Jt,S';,} /0/J. 3 3 A S'()p ~P.O /0(). ,2.6 /3 39 IU,7 33.~ /IJO. ,JJ. 7 II 36.4 6U, ~(){) I I I I I I I I Evaluation ii-Balloon l·Asbonomical 2--Airaaft 3-LightPh!IIOII. 4-Binls 5-Cloud~ Dust, et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlllolical 6-Unbolll 9-0ther Total 5t=Pr~MK£/f' Number Percent Certain OotJbllul Total Certain Doubtful Tolll Certain 0 ~ 3 0.0 '.17,.,; ,Jl,5 !:' 0 I I 11.t 1;zS 0,J I I I ;2. ,,, (' J)S ,r, I I) (J 0 11.() tJ l) ao I ,,, IJ r) All ao /J.1) I (J () t7 I.J.0 &,O I) 0 D II ,, IJ /) /) 1', l) /J,11 ~ I 0 I 112.S P,O 1., ... ,, ~ t) /J I'),, /J,l) Po ? 0 I I 1.0 /7,.> JJ.'i () 1.. 6' ,; ;J-:o 7J-;/) /00 " Ocre1 l?F.1? Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain D111bllul Total 'I /ti 1/.7 JP.I) JJ,.7 3 u .H 1/J,D /(.3 I) I ?3 /)0 ? ? 0 I ?,3 Ci/) '?3 I 2 3. 3 ~.3 £I 0 0 ao o.o p D () k) 170/) /J,O ..,.,, I) /) 0 () "-" I') 0 P,f) 2 £7 t1.0 .f. '7 ,, /J n I') n ()/J /3 30 §'i,:7 LM.] IPR .IJ,/p/,/~"4/?FK- DEcEM,YrR Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cini Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Ooul.ltfu Total Certain Olllbtful Total I J 6 s;o ;J.(;;t) l.;>t!P 2 0 .].. 7. I PO 7.l 7 I iJ.>,O .'JO g' ,.. , 2. q // 7.1 l-:;"2 I ?'1.2 I+ JJ- ;JO,t! 0,0 (J ~nA () I I 0./J 36 '?.f 0 ~ 0 ·,u p" 00 0 /J 0 O.tJ I')/) 0,0 () /) p no /) () ,,,,, () /} 0 tJ.P {).0 fti_ 0 0 t1 ;l,O CJ.I) o,o 0 tJ 0 /),/) 00 //,/) I D I !i:O I) I) f'.O 3' (} 3 /11,7 I'.'./) 10.1 {) 0 0 0.{) p {) /)O t) tJ 0 "0 IJ.{J I)_() 0 0 0 O.A "/J (J,p "1 /) 9 '? l I ~o ?.21 I (J I !,-,O P. () s-. IJ 2 0 7 7,/ c:~ 1 I I I./- t ~() 7at> U.o /OD, 18" r/) I.Zr 61,,3 3F.7 /tJtJ I I I 111


=== Page 121 ===

J,1 ,In ARV ,CEP/i'tlAli'/ Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !,Balloon £) I I ao I, 7 /7 ti- I) ti 2~2 p, p 2.7, J I-Astronomical 6 ~/) 31, li:'.2. 57)_ 'I: fl,., 3 7 /() /(. 7 it.9 ,;r. I. 2-Aircraft LJ. I s- ~-~ /. 7 'l,S" I 0 I ~ ✓ ,,,, CA 3-LightPhenom. 0 0 /) ao /)_ IJ /)_(/ 0 {) 0 rJ.() rJA ,.n 4-Biids 0 0 /) (),I! 0.0 17.n t> 0 0 t?." fl A ,,,, frClouds, Dus~ etc. /} (} 0 /)/) M I!() 0 0 " tJ,P /)_I) I) r, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. {) 0 I') IJ {) ,11) OP I () I S.t. 0.0 ~/, 7-Psyct,,logical /) 0 0 O.o tJ.O 0.0 0 I') Cl IJ,O ll.O o.o 3-Unknown J'.:i 0 1::2. 1'21H ().O '2(/ I " I £/, On _t;t: 9-0ther S" /) s- '{,5' /J.O '{,5" I /'} I c;: I, o. I) I:6 Total ::Z7 3.2 S-"! IAf;9 .o/f,).. /()t) 11 7 /'ff IU.1 .70 /10 MA Ji;,vr Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulllful Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0-Balloon /.J. I r q, 1 2"2 Ill { 0 ( .11,p no 11, I-Astronomical 1 , I 4- .7-MJ Ill ::,11 5' r IP :Jp,1, 20.0 ,.. 0 2•Aircraft G ~ q a.o ,C7 7An J I "1 IL I) t,.n {I> 3-Ligl11Ph"10m. 0 I) b 0,/) ,,,,, Al> /J t? 0 '/'J /J.n tJ.p 4-Birds (/ tJ I) IJ,11 /) t) dn /) 0 (J n~ {), 0 Q,O 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 0 0 {) /Jn ,, I> I)_/] () 0 r, "'" -" 0."0 6-tnsuffic.lnfo. // 0 (/ _2a4 l!. 0 ,I/ u 2. /) ;z._ yt, ao ~t) 7-Psychological I) (} 0 n,ll /) /) tJ.o ( 0 I IL,, /)I) i,,I) a.unknown h Cl 6 J,'?.fJ_ /11) /]5 'I: tJ f" .. , ,, /}_/) ';/J {) !I-Other /) {l /) 11;/l /)/) /JO I (J J JJ.n P.o JJ.o Total 36 r /1,1;' l!O,{) ZIJ.p IM. I 'I 6 ).J 76.IJ 211.D /pa 5tr/"T,=H6'.C/i' ,c,,,..,-~,,!c,;> Number PerCenl Number Pe,COII Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulltful Total Certain llodltful Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0-Balloon I C} I .?3.3 t/.0 <<,< () 0 ti 0 {I 170 AO I-Astronomical 0 Ii 0 {)_/} O,o /) ~ ) ~ {, 15".IJ ZO-~ 1111. 2 2-Aircraft 0 /) 0 I)/) /) I) /Jn I I :2 '7 7 7.7 '"" 3-LightPbenom. () /') 0 // /J ()_fJ 17.0 0 0 /') t1,0 0. 0 {).IJ 4-Birds /) /} 0 1'711 l.n t},I) /} J /) /J.() no An H:loud~Dust,etc. 0 r'l I) 17 t) /J,/J /),/) t7 I) /} ,,/) (J,/} (11) 6-Jnsuffic. 1nro. ;i.. (} 2 ~7 (),Ci 11.7 2 {l 7 IS,/1. /'),/) l,.h 7-Psyeoological Cl I} /J (7.(J O,() /),0 I) Ci () IJ,O /J,11 /J,/l 8-Unknovm 0 /J 0 /Jn P.tJ (?..I? 3 0 1 l<J.-=?/ o.n l::H./ 9-0ther /J I) ,? IJ," /},rJ /l,/J " {) 0 I) I) o.o 17,r, Total 3 " 3 /P{).b Oo /10, t i- n 6IS ?'(S /{)() 112 M fi;f'Cf-/ Number PerCeot ertain Doubtful Total Certain I lloublful Total ti 0 ti /) 0 ao o.o q /'f ;2! ,,, < :J(." c.:i9 Ii' 0 ,;r /,j;,; o. () ,s,1, t? /:) 0 /)I) ,,,., ()_I) £/ 0 J;. ,, ., ()_n .,. ' /) I) tJ ,, IJ tf.O AA £ 0 f Ill C. f2/) /U ,., 0 0 ,., Ml ,,,, I. C} t II I. t?n J/ / 0 I) () t)_I) P.o ,,,, 3_? /9 s-z 63,J, -.,,_,. /()0_ ,Ti.Ii y' NuntJer Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I t? I .C'Q /J,0 ~-0 0 7 7 0,/) ~S':O JS.~ 0 ~ s-- tJ.O ~s.o :Z.S-.o I) (') 0 17,(/ p,I) tl. /) I) ( J d.O 5:0 <;: IJ CJ /) 6 dA d. /) /Jn q I) :J' l.f.O P,I) IS.I) /} 0 () /),/) C.r; 0,0 z () z IP,n P.O /P,p I /} I ~b /),0 s-, 0 rr 13 ]_t) ,,.I) 1£/J 100. Nn.,, r H 6'F R Nurrtier Per Cent !Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulltful Total 0 .3 '3 o.o 'Vi' g,f '7 /(I ;J. I '"·' fJ/,') 11.U /J ,:;-- s fJ,0 IIJ. 7 111.7 (J tJ 0 0() o,b (),{) /J () () ,')/) ,,_,, /)_/) () Cl tJ c.o o." o.o I (l I .2,q (J,O -,Q tJ 17 () 1),0 /) , n.lJ ii 0 ti- /1.fi ,, /l II. fl 0 0 n I fl /)_1', o.n /;l. ;;22 311- 7~, 611.7 /Pl I.Yf',f /l!"H'II- Number Per Cent Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doulllful I ti I ,z, r P.P 'ltl I "II O.f 2.1 ~ ~ 3 l.,IJ (),{I 0 I) 0 ()_(/ 0.1) 0 J') 0 P.IJ 1./0 0 ,::? t' l,tl "-" s-- t? ) /0,6 17.' 0 I) /'} A.0 ao '7 tJ ,., 111,q 4tJ Cl tJ /} 0. {I {).I) '--16 I 11-7 Y7.9 2./ ,;Ive; lt.5T Nu■ ller Per Call Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtllrl 0 (J {) d. {I c),0 I ?", ·.u I. f ~73 I /{) 1/ /,'! 1'12. () I) 0 0.,, 4o () /} p e?,O 0,1) /) (J (7 (), tJ "-" 2 CJ 2. H" I} l'J 2 (J 2 1,f' /Jn I 0 ( /,C/ ao I? /) CJ 0,() d/J 7 ur' S-,2. l3S rtG.'i /Jee E.,.,..or,r Number Per Call Certain Doubtfu Total Cerbin Doubtful /.I 0 if Ill.( C.0 2. r 7 7,/.1 tr,r 6 0 6 .,, .2 l,O 0 r) ,.; /J,/'J . /) IJ I) I) /},0 ,,_o 0 (? rJ IJ_O /Jr I Cl I 77 ,1,1) 0 0 0 I).(} ai, h I) J; ·n2 ,,,., 3 tJ :;, I I I lln ;i._;i.. ) l..17 !f/) ft,,;- roe• .2,/ l..rs.9 61 IJ.(/ /)_{) P.P //J,6 /J 4 1111. 'f 0 0 !IP. -- Tat• 1,0 "" :i .l-1.I /)O ,,, {/.() ··" 31 ,.9 0. 0 I/)(). Total /#,'l ,)r_q , t),t) /J.O O,o ,', 7 0,0 ).2 .2 II.I 110 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 122 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation II-Balloon 1-Asbanolllical 2-Airtraft 3-Liglll Ph"10m. 4-Bints S-Clouds, Dus~ elc. 6-lnsvffic.lnfo. 7-Psydmlogical S.Unlmo.. !I-OlhOI Total Evaluation II-Balloon 1-Asbonomical 2-Aircraft 3-LiglllPhenom. 4-Bints S-Cloud~ Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.•lnfo. )-Psychological 8-Unknown !I-Olher Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2~Aircraft 3·Ligl11Ph8"m. 4-Binls S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unkno_, 9-0tller Tolll certain /J Q ? 0 " /J I 0 .1 I I J{ Certain ~ .2. I) t) () 0 -2. () 1' () H Certain .d ..5 :;_ 0 IJ () .3 t) 3 " 13 E/,9t.l//10eflll( ;,,,, -~J'c/ r.imbef Per Cent Doubttul Total Certain DoubHul Total ertain 0 ,') n/l o.~ ·-,11 ~ 5 J 3 I.lb. I ?1.3 ,srii 3 0 2 IIJ.5 o.o ,o,; ' 0 C, O.o c,_/) 0.0 0 (> I> O.IJ (J_{) o.O 0 /) 0 0.1> l>.0 o.o " 6 I !i. 3 o.l> 5-3 II () 0 "·" O.Pl o.o 0 0 2. 10 .Ii {)_{j 10.,; :5 () I 5.? 0.0 5. ~ 3 5 I 'I ?3.'I ,1',.3 1100. ;...q Mou Number Percent OoubHul Total Certain IJoubHul Total Certain " .3 X.b ,1.4 /-5.0 .5 .2 I/ 1/).IJ It),{) 2/).J) (> () 0 A./J tJ.() 4,() () 0 () {)./) I} ./J 4.f) () 0 (> /i,A ~./) /i. tJ " 0 () ,1./J 11.IJ tH () IJ .2, IIA,/J ~- t1 'IA./) /) (} " ,J~ {),() tJ.d /} 0 t' .UAlJ IJ./J 1/J.J :), 3 ~ 4./J 15.J /.( () () ? ~o 75,() 111;'.IJ -'dd. 7 SEP (£"11!/EP Number Percent OoubHul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain IJ 0 M o.o tuJ I ~ ;;- 315 tJ.0 l-:i1.5. I " ,,2., /5."J l,_i) /5.J/ ,I\ () Z) hJ 0./) t).0 6 () I) JJ.t) ///J /}_I) ,, I') I) /).0 d.0 tJ.f) 0 a i' 13./ tJ.() I :i.3. I 0 0 /) tJ.~ A.A tJ.b 0 () 3 JJ.J tJ~ 13. I I, (J 0 O.l {).() ().IJ 0 () 1J VIJO.o 0.4 l()J, 1 C,:A .,/IAI Number PerOl!nt Doubtful Total Certain DoubHul Tola! 0 3 q_/ o.b 'I I If 7 q_l ,;i..l ll.l l) {. li.1 o.t; lltl 0 0 o.o (J.~ o.o () 0 O.D ().{) o.o 0 0 ().{) "-~ o.D 0 II ln.3 /J.O 1\:f.~ 0 fl 0.0 i?.~ ().{) 0 3 '1-1 O.~ 'l. l 0 3 'I.I 11.D 1., '-I 3? a1.'I JJ...I 16/J, JVNE Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain OoobHul Tola! () ,; #.-9 ti.I -rl.1/ 0 () IJ.4 t?.d tJ.d /J /J M .,,., A./J /) " JJ.() P.1 A.4 () /) I}.~ '1.d JJ () d tJ.I /J. I d.d () I) 4.0 d.J d,/) I) ~ 0 .J,J .,1.4 /J :l-11.f.4' (J.J 11_1'4' () /J ,., d./J tJ.d 0 7 /Mt, ,1.() v.?i. Oe ~t11;P Number Per Cent DoubHul Total Certain Oooblful Total /) I Jt)./) tJ./J 10.0 I ; 1()() /IJ.o 'ld.0 I I tJ.iJ 14,tJ /A.d () 6 /J./J tJ.o d.4 (J /) O/) (). tJ U; () () ,H /?, 4 d.b I) 0 tJ.I) 11.() tJ.IJ a {) ().C tJ.0 tJ.b /J ' ,o.o tf-"b {,IH I) /) 11./'J ,1.,,; o-b ,2. /tJ 1/J.{) '1.A.IJ /IJd. 113 M •neH AP,P/L Number PerCeat Nu- Per Cell ertain Doubttul Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Doubllul Total eert,,n DoubHul Toi• I 3 3 lb It) '/.l .l,1,3 J D I J.1-/ 0./J 3)-J </ 0 <j 11. I 6.0 11.1 i/ ,1 'I tJ.<I /1./J IJ.(/' ,1. J/ JI, JI,.'/ 5., ll.3 I. " t. Jt,.7 lJ. JI 'lo.? 0 0 lJ lJ.{) MJ O.b ~ /I 0 lJ.6 ().0 IJ.{) 0 0 I) {).IJ O.lJ t,.{) 0 {) IJ lJ.6 /J.lJ 0/J () 6 lJ llll 0.f> ob /J lJ () ().{) tJ.b 0,/J 1'3 (') 13 1'1'.I ().0 t'l.l i' () "l 17. ~ O,l) ). 'l. In 0 C> () o./J (). {) d/J I ~ I :H /).l) VJ ,,, l) 15 1,11,& 11.D ::i.oj q ~ 9 3/.b /J.lJ 131 0 (} I/ 'I ().b -<., 5.b /J ,1 () 0.0 ().() IJ.{) 61 I I 7.J. 'jl{.'} ,1.3 1/()4. 1.'I ~ 'J9 /00. {) {)_{) ~"- Jv,_.., /11/Gt/S r Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain OoubHul Total Certain DoubHul Total Certain IJoul,Hu Tola! Certain OoubHul Tolll I IJ I >lJ ().4 '/,], .2. tJ .2, 9.J 11.IJ l'.i 7 /) 7 J~.l, AA 19 ... / • ,, ~J :JY. /) :Jf /J I/ I ~ I ,t,_ 'l >-/. l 1->A,f ?' I 5 li.tJ "I,/) :ZIJ.4 tJ () () ().0 tJ.tJ -o. t () IJ ,! /J.J tJ.IJ d.lJ " IJ IJ 1)4 ,J.IJ ,u /) /) 4 d/J IJ.4 11.J ,, tJ () ,J.() tJ.6 P,() IJ IJ ,1 M Ad 1.J 7 IJ 'I 29.J. 44 1.2.f..Z J._ IJ ,.2. $.I /J.iJ 1.G I} A J IJ./) tJ.4 A.d 0 /J 4 t:J.4 cJ.J /). IJ ~ {) ,v /~., ()_j 1/J.7 'i"' ,! ff 31.d tJ.4 V..4 J I) I) tJ.d t).I) itJ. tJ I ,1 I/ ,y.i) 0./) ~" :),3 I M' 95.'j' ,r.,z, I#. /'i 7 » 1,l..t) L).i.d l,JIIJ. lv'ClVEMl1E~ DEC/£ ,._,,,_E,e_ Nunter Per Cent- Number PerCfflt Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoubHul Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certam Ooublful Total /) 2 2 4.d f:7 1.7 ,7. 4 I, t., 11.9 ,q,1-/ () 0 tJ J.J {)./) 0.tJ /.d 7 11 ,,n :u., 'i'f_q :i. 'i' ;/) £ti ~f.v' 'I.U I () I 3.1 t,_{) .u 0 IJ tJ M t!.d IJ.tJ d IJ I) ().b /'J.O 0.0 tJ t) /) rM lb !.~ /} " IJ I) 0 /) () O.D t1 t) (J ,1.0 J.o d.4 J tJ () ,1.d /J/J o.D I 0 I 1/.3 tJ.tJ 'r'-3 I 0 I 3.2. /Jll 3 . .l 0 tJ /) 0.0 11.4 tJ. 0 3 I 3 C/.'l /J/1 'l.1 r d 9 l.?9./ ,,J.t) I?'!./ 2 I .2, ,.s on t..5 I " I J/.J (J.tJ 'i.J I () I 3.l /)_() 3..2. /3 J,1 ;L3 $-5 ~J.5 1./IP, -Z.IJ II 3/ ,i.5 ~.5 110.


=== Page 123 ===

1if4t.E 69 JAN(!/. bl ~E .,,_,,ev ! - -i>erCent - Per Cent Enhahon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Docmdul Total i0-8all(l1)fl .L .2. <r 7.4 7.4 Ii-~ I I) I 1.7 a.b 6.7 ·J-A.stronomical I 4- 5 3.? #.~ il1.S () 2. z. 1./J l.?J 1?3 2-Aucraft 17 .:i.. 1_ I)/) 7-4 1.4 /I ? ? J\/l )/),b l21JA i l-Ltl!hl Phenom. () /) t) 0.{) o.o ()./) t) 0 () o.D olJ ,./ 4-Bards /l /) () o./J I)./] o./J /I /) () o.o 1)./J o.lJ $-Clouds. Dusl, etc. () 0 0 o.tl tJ.(J {J_(J /l 0 0 o.o ().{) o.lJ 6-lnsuffit. ~fD. 5 0 5 11?.5 ().() J</5 0 () () /J.i:l /J.D O.() 7-Psydl>~~cal 0 0 0 O.() 0./J d.O /l ,1 0 Ill 0.{) fl.() 8-IJnknoUI / I) 0 /{) 37. / ().lJ 37.J 7 t) 7 4-1,.7 ().0 'd.L.1 !1-0lller I 0 ' J.7 0. lJ 3.? 1 " 2 /33 IJ.0 133 Totl!l 1'1 "l .:Z.7 711,4 IJ..t:t.l, ld/J. /tJ 6 /', 66-7 33-3 /,1/). MIN J fll'.C Number Per Cent N.- Per Cent Enluation Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Docmtfu I Total Certain Docmtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Bdloon 2 0 2 ,ft)./) /J. r A✓l.ll /l 0 0 IJ.lJ o.o /J.D 1-Astronoaieal I) 0 ~ IJ./) ()JJ IJ.lJ 0 () () r..l llfl /J.D 2•Aiftflft I " I ~11.0 ll./l 1"11l./l ' 0 I :inn.~ .. .., 11 0.1 0 Hidltl'll<nom. 0 0 {') D.lJ I)_!) !J.l) (J a () 0./J ri?J A.l 4-llirds 0 I I o./J tw.a I 1/l 11 lJ ~ 0 IJ.~ r,r, IJ.0 ~Cloud~ Dus~ etc (') 0 t'.) O.l II A I) l) l'I 0 ll l'l.! n,r, /J.f 6-lrtSUffic.. Info. 6 0 0 O.l /I ft /J.D " 0 D o.a mo tJ.l 1-Psycholoeical () 0 I) /l.~ ,.,,, IJ,0 ti 0 ~ ,,,, /)I) 0.{J a.11n1<no.. I " I 1,11.0 n.o 111). fl " n t'J lJ.l /J.b O.l !1-0i!lfl () () 0 o.o o.o O.tJ 0 0 {J 11, /Jl O.G ' Total 4 I 5 io.o ~.tJ ,oa. I 0 I oo., O.,b /00. 5G PrE!-7.(/E,t OerotrG1t! I N1111bor Per Cent - PorCent Evaluation Ccrt.iiin DoubtfuI Total Cettain Docmtlll Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon I 0 I ~, /J.O 5.{, ;z D .2. 1I o.o 7./ 1-Astron:,mical 1 I 4 /{,.? r;,L n.1 q ' /() l_-u./ 3.1 _{'i.7 2•Aircraft I 0 I 5.t o.() !,., 4 2 "r'f.3 7,/ 11.q 3-Light Phmom. 0 I) l) t).0 0.0 /l.D /l /l {) /l.() 01, D.l 4-Bnds 0 0 6 ()./) /).{) 0.0 /) /l ll l).l O.d o.o I-Cloud~ Dus~ etc 0 C, 0 l).i) OD ll.O ✓'I /\ 0 /},fl Aa /J.l 6-lrtSUffic.lnlo. 2 0 2 //. I 0./) II. I I') ti ,1 o.O (J.ij 0.0 7-Psycbological 0 c) t) D.0 110 0.fl C) l'l 0 0.0 tJ./J 0.0 8-Unkno,., 5? 0 ~ -~ ll.0 ~.4- q l'.I q 32.I IJ.T) n.1 9-0thcr :i, C, .z. 11./ 0./l ,1.1 I 0 I 3.(,, ().{) 3.b Tola l'l I If} l9<M 5.I, 100. ;L.5 3 2fl ~.J ltl.? /{)O. 114 M/iRi!# Number Per Cent ~rtain Docmdul Total Certain Doobtful Total /J 0 0 {).() ().{) II.~ I I ? 1',.7 /1,.1 133.4 /J I I O.l '' 1 ,,.7 0 0 I) ll/J 0.0 o.O () I\ () ().0 D.O 0./J I) 0 I) tJ.{) .1.0 o.o () I) I) J\J\ 0.1) {).1) {) C, 0 11.1) azJ 0./) ~ I? 3~o.c ().1) 1,0.D I) 0 0 ().1) 0.0 0./) 4 ~ 6 1,1,.? 33.:3 '(JO. Ji Lu - Perc..t Lmuiin Dou!Jtlul Total Certain - Total /I IJ t) lJ./l ,,, ,., I .2 3 11.1 :u.:i ~;I_~ I 0 I 1\,1 OJ) 11.1 ll 0 lJ /\ft fl.~ o., 0 l'J 6 0./J ,1/1 o.o n a fl 0.£ Al\ 0.0 t) ,') ll o.D ,, ~ 0.0 ,., I I D.O • II .1 11-1 3 () .3';33.l O.lJ i/33 I 0 I 11.1 ,, ' 11.1 6 8 C Cf ,,.? 33.~ 100. 11/orE,..,,,E~ - .. PerC..t !Certain Dool>tlul Total Certain - Total fl I I ().l ,,_q 5-'I ~ 5 /3 4-1./J )9.q 1,4 1 () 2 //.,; /J,l JJ.'I () 0 D o.() IJ,O 0.0 0 t} /l ().0 o.!J O.D () () /J ().() ()I) o.o I tJ I ~-~ o.o 5-'1 0 () 0 tJ.{) ().o t},0 I) () 0 0.0 0.0 0.0 () 0 tJ 0.1) (),/) o.o I/ 6 I 'I {If.? l3S.3 Jl)(J. APRIL - PerCent Certli• DooWul Total Certain Doubtful l> 0 0 o.£ O.ll t) 0 0 {).O l),l) I 0 I 133.3 o.o 0 0 0 o.o 6.t'l 0 0 0 OJ) <O.ti 0 I) 0 O.C Al'I 2 ,") 2.. ,,. 7 ().l'I 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 0 0 (1 ,?.l) o.o 0 c::, I') o.D o.o 3 0 3 100.0 llO A,1r,u<r llaller PerC..t -- Total - Doublllt. ' I 2 5./J 5./J () 0 0 o.i> ll.lJ I 0 I s;.o I).~ 2. I _? 10.D 5./J 0 0 () ll.!) o.{) 0 I) 0 /J.D .1. /J 3 0 3 u:.o ()J! ll 0 l) 0,() t1.tJ 10 n ,o ¥:().1) O.lJ I 0 I S,D o.~ ,~ .2. :u, 9d.o ltJ.tJ IJL41-H,t/E~ Number PerC..t Certain Dowtfu Total Certain Doubtful I () I r./ ().() z I 3 Ji.l 9.1 4 ,1 4 3t..4- ().0 0 () {) 1).0 0.0 0 I) () 1).0 dt) (J I) () ().{) 11.IJ I 0 I V ().I) I 0 I '(./ ()J) I 0 I 9./ /).() () 0 <) o.n 1),4 /0 I II 't/.9 9.1 Total OJJ o.t 33.3 o.o o.o c.o ,1,.1 0.0 D.O 0./) ,ac. Total Jt,.b ,J.{) ~.IJ l(.l) /),{} O.lJ /5.J 1).0 150.lJ 5.D J()/J. Total 9./ l'l.J -~'-" o.o 0.D o.£ ,,., q.J 9-/ (),4 /4{). I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 124 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Ewaluation 1 0.Bolloon ,__ 'l-Astn,ranical l2-A1rcrlft !J.L•ihl Ph""•· 4•Birds $-Clouds, OusL et~ 6-lnsuffic.-.a,. 7-Psydmlo&ical 1-UNrno• ~llr.. Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomic.al 2-Aircrift 3-Lr&fll Ptlenom. 4-Birds $-Cloud~ DusL et~ ► lnsuffic.lnlt>. 7-Psycholoaical 18-Unlrno_, 9-0lher Total ' Evaluation 0-Bllloon l•Asbonomical 2-Aimaft l·Liahl Ptumm. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuff1c.Mfo. 7-Psydoolo~cal 8-Unkno'MI 9--0ther Total Certain I .a- n IJ h 0 ti 2 :l ? JI Certain i,; '" l'l 3 0 I? b 0 = 'l <\4 ' Certain a 22 /0 I I 0 /2 I 4-Z. {_, 'l'l J/ltvV/41!.V - fterCent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,, I L.7 IJ,O I..? A <) JJ.,? 2,.? !,3.4 t) 0 IJ.() /j,O /1/) t) /'J (),{) ,ii) t,,() 0 II O/J 1)./) All IJ (l ().O 11/J 11-b /) fl 0.6 /j/J 0.6 ,., !l. J1.3 O411.H /) .2 133 tJ.(J J3.3 II :J 13.3 d.4 )3.3 4 15 ?33 ~-? /40, M11v Number Per Cent Doublful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ l'I /'1.3 H }1,.9 1.. I~ 1'1.2 t.<i Jl,j ll.. ,1q 15.0 It,./, JS.I 0 3 ].7 0.0 .z.,1 0 D tJ.0 tJ.0 o.D 0 11 7.1 o.o 7,/ 0 {., t;3 tJ.0 S:3 () 0 0.0 o./J 0,0 11 '.10 17,7 o.o l'J.? I 10 l1.0 o.q ~A ,q 11.~ i3.l ,,.? 100. 5EPTGHA<=~ Number Per Cent 0Olrbtful Total Certain Ood>lful Total ti 15 ~5 ,~ 9-3 q ,3/ RL ,u /9).. "2.L. 4t ,.z .:u.=<. }$.'f -z 3 ., 1-2 I~ z 3 .(. /.)_ 1-~ I I /\.() tJ6 ()., 0 /2 7,4 ~{) 7.4 0 I o., t).() ()./. 0 4-2 ZS.'! t).tJ 11.J:.'1 2 g H IJ. 'f.q 63 lb2 o,// 3'/.'I IM. FE llRV.QRu Nl'1\ber Pe,Cf!llt ertain Doubtful Total Certain llou!Jlful Tola! I () I 5.& /J./J ,;I. 4 ) ( 1'.l.'.l i:.I. n~ :2. 1 4 II.I 11. I nJ ,1 () (J /J.{) n.o tJ./) II II II 11.~ /U IJ.() /) t1 ti t,_!J DJ IJ./J I r, I t;,i .l).d ,;,, /J (') 0 M n.J o.o 5 /J ~ A~~ AA ... o 2. " 2. JI,/ /JJ J/./ 15 1 IS 13.3 ,u )00· J1.tA1£ Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certin Dr,rblfrrl Tola! ~~ ' ?,2. 1q$ 3.4 ,a:i. l~ ,,, 4-1 1;i.l, q_? 13,3 1' ,2 31? I'll 1..t 21., I 0 I o.t DJ o., I\ n /J IJ.0 {)J 0.0 0 0 0 o./J 4J {),b 11) {) -,/1 11.4- tl.0 11.4 4 /J 4 .2J t).b 2-3 ~3 0 33 1rt.P II.() /\?.~ l, I 7 3.4 (),I, 4.() 140 86 17, 79,1, UJ.4 /()4. Oe-roBER Nu•r PerCmt Certain Ood>lful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! i /2 21) g,'I Fl./ ;JJ.8 13 10 ~3 it/./ }/\,q )5/J 5 n IB 5tf Jtl-:/ /f.5 " 4 4 ()4 4:"3 4-3 4 I .5 .,._3 /. I 54- ,1 I I o.iJ /./ /.I q 0 ..,. "1,3 d.() 4-3 0 IJ ~ .()/) t'-/J /),/) 14 /) ff 15.Z ().{) 15.2. 2- I 3 -z.:2 I. I 3.3 50 4-2- 'fZ 5'1-ft- 14:5.1, /{». 115 MAJ!'{!;./ AP,elL Number Percent Number POICent Certain llou!Jlful Total Certain lloublful Total Certain lloublful Total Certain Ooublful Total 3 I 4 1/./ 3.? 14l 3 3 ' <-~ .l~ s~ I t, I "f.1 Ml ~, Ii II /(/ /7.5 n.o rt.Ji ."3 :z .r; //./ '1.4 l'l.~ IS SJ ~"' ,,a ,.fl .Jl~ 6 0 II IJ.O • n.D h.~ I II I /.{) n.b /.0 I 0 I -,.,7 ll.0 :I.? 3 ) 4- 2,q ,.o 3_q t, I ) OlJ 3-'l 3,1 0 0 0 o.() {J,() tJ.0 I II I ::!.9 ().() 3.7 I~ II IO q_7 tJ.() q,'J 0 ll 0 OJ) 0.0 IJ,0 I 0 I /.() n4 1.0 4 0 4 ,~.8 tJ.() ~ -~8 0 ~ll 3J,.<f 0.6 31._q I q JI) -~-'1 Jj.J 3?.o 2. 0 2 ,,q IJ,0 1,q /4- 13 "J-7 51.g 4~-"l.. /OtJ, 'I I 12. 103 ~L'.4 II. i, 1100, Jv1..v JJ11,;,vsr Nudler Per Cent NuobOI PerCent ertain lloublful Total Certain Doublful Total Cerfllin Ooutrlfu Total Cerfllin llflrblful Total 'l'i 54 14:l. 11-"3 ,~ li.2 ~~ 41 71 'I.I /0-3 l't4 qq "14. /33 11-1 43 /1.D 43 :i., ,1 111.g U, n.4 /2.3 'i/f 2.1 I I~., /1-3 J7./J <J-5 43 1?/l 11.4 lb.f "1.1 /2, q. ,, 1.5 ·' 1.6 5 6 II 1.3 /.5 J.,i 4 I 5 ... .I .. , 0 0 () 0.0 IJ.{J o.O 4 I 5 .5 ./ -~ 0 I I 0/J .3 .3 70 6 71J '1.0 o.o 'l.O 35 lJ 35 111 ().0 $?.\? 'I i, /5 /.l .I? 7.-6 I? I 'I '.J.0 ,3 :2.-3 1'3 I\ I £3 'U>f o.(J ).0.i '13 /) H ~ O.IJ !.2.3.4 JI I :u. l.'I .I 2.ri q 5 14- t~ J.3 34 5'13 li'I 782.. 75.'l ;l't.;l. IOd. l-74 1;1..3 39? ,9,7 "3/.3 JOO, A/AVEMdE,e /Je:eGM/.1£12. Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doublful Total Certain Doublful Total Cerfllin Doublfu Total Certain llflrblful Total z 'I II ~I. 13.~ ''-4 /J 3 3 M +.I.. 4-;6 5 ~ 13 '1.( ti-~ /9.4 II 'I u l'-7 /3.I, '.10.'\ ., 3 I, <I:~ 4:~ </,/) I ,1 /4- /.5 11'1. 7 2./.2. 2. I 3 ~-0 ,.~ 4-.~ I 0 I u 1.4 1.5 () 0 0 t).() Q.l 0.0 d /) 0 (J.6 ,1.() 0.0 0 g 'J n.() 11.q ,1.9 {) /) t) 0 n6 ,1_" 4- 6 a '-/J /).IJ '!) 3 f) 3 ""·' 11.6 4-., I i? I 1.5 t'-0 ,., t) l IJ o.o n.t) 0.0 19 0 I'! '),Q~ 4() .d-4 ;a tJ ~ R4- d.tJ 133.4 2 0 z 3,1 M 3/J 3 IJ 3 4.~ A./J "I':' 3~ z.9 ,1 s-,.'J 4-83 1()/). .f-/ :z..s '' I,}../ 37.'I /t/1),


=== Page 125 ===

T ,AAIIIA If t' ~F"/P/1. RV ~mbef Per Cent Number PerC,ol Ew11111boo Certain 0oubl1ul Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doublful Tola! Corlain lloublful Tola! 0-S,llooa '? 2 t; -n 7 'i 6.3 i 0 7 JO.'! 0 O /0. 'f !l•AstKNIOllical 1./ IB 31 Jl 2 ns '19. 7 II I, 1' 11.1 13.5 '10.7 I C 3 3 ~ II- 3 5 I//J. 1 !2-Aucrlft 9 7.5 7 /l 1,,. 'I 1.8 3-L•Chl Pbenom. 0 0 0 a.o (/. 0 0.0 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 n n 4-Buds 0 0 0 0 I Q.0 o.o 0 0 0 0-0 o.o 0.0 S-.Clouds, Dust, etc. 0 0 0 p 0 0 0 e.o 0 0 0 o.o 0-0 0.0 i-lnsuffic. ~fo. B p B /0. 0 0 0 /00 3 0 :, if. 7 o. 0 'f. 7 7-f'sydlalo~cal 2 0 -i 25 0 0 ~-5 0 /) 0 0 .0 o.o o. 0 .._ /1 0 II 13.8 o.o 11. B 'I a 'I If/. I o. 0 /4./ !1-Qllle, ) I ' ,.1 f.:, 7-S 7 0 7 tD-1 0.0 ti.If Talol re 11.f iO no JO. 0 ,,o. 1/9 2n ''I l,i.'d J/. 3 /00. ~/Ar .TvA/E" I Number Per Cent Nu- PerCenl Evaluation Cerbin Oooblful Total Certain lloublful Tolal Certain lloomlful Talal Certain Doublful Tnlal 0-Bollooa ,g 5 2J I 2.0 3J IS. 2'f 6 n I 'I. J. Q /7.j l•Astronomical 2,3 ,, '3 I /5. 3 5.3 10.1, 25' 2/ "' OA 10.1/- 21.8 2~Airaatt 18 IS J1 1/J.O /0,0 no Jo /J ,., ' l'f.'! ~-5' 2/.'f 3-Lipll'II..,.,. 3 :t. 5 '1.o '-1 13 I I 2. o.S 0.5 /. 0 4-Binls 0 < 2 o. 0 /. 3 / 3 0 0 0 o.O 0. 0 0.0 ~Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 7 0 l I.'!, 0. 0 /. J 0 () 0 u o.O o.o 6-lnsuff1c.lnfo. :/.:7 0 ;J.1 /'l.7 o.o l'/.7 13 0 13 1/. 'f 0-0 111-'f 7-Psydlolo&ical 0 0 0 o.o O.o o.o ' (l ' 3.0 o.o J.o 8-Unkno111 '' 0 2.3 15.J 0.0 /J: 3 1.1 () JS 1$.'I o.o /6!1 9-0lher 7 ;z '! 'f.7 /.3 t.o 7 I a .1 s o.s "· 0 Tolol J/6 JI/ ISO 77-3 n.1 /00. ,r, '12 :lo/ 7f.1 -;o.r 110 5Fl'TE"rl5'ER Oc-n •,FR I Number Per Cent - PerCenl Evaluation Certain Daubllul Tolal Certain l)o,mlfuI Tola! Certain Doublful Tnlal Certain Doublful Tnlal 0-Bolloon & 13 11 3./ ,/Q "~ a I 1 20 0 '1.2. 1~6 1-Astronoaical 10 I( 'f I ls:6 ,., ?l,:J J; If Ill, /g'_J/ /.!i.V ,-,,3 2-Airtraft n JI '/ If n I, I ,,.,Q I 4 I <' ')', ,( ~ //),?_ 17 /) 3-Liplf'II-. I 2 3 IJ,5 11. I.S I 4 ~ /J.7 17 3,11 4-Binls I 1 3 1'.5 10 IS :; i 'f I.A- /.JJ 2.'I Hloucl~ Dusi, e1t. 0 I I nn '" ,.,_ .. 0 I I /).i /),) IJ.7 6-lftsuffic.-.lD. Jo 0 20 ,,,_,. /In /J7L< I() p I 0 I.II IJ.(J i.ff 7-Psydlolo&ical 3 0 3 II, A,0 /,I. I 0 I t?.7 /Jn 11,7 .._ t;] /) L/7 1'17 nn 1Jf.? ~I 0 3/ 7(/ On ,t.t./ !I-OIiier B 3 // ,. ? /6 S:B ~ I If :11' /?7 2.7 Tatol 11'1 '3 If :J.. £'7.:i. 32.9' IM 't 3 fll- l'17 6.7.3 3,{,7 IN. 116 jl//,1;;,-~ Nu- PerCenl L:ertain lloublful Tolal Certain Doublllll Tola! i 2 /() 7.5 /.'I 1.'I /( 12 27 /'1.( /1.1 H.2 I :l. 7 ,, lf.2 ,.s 1 1.1 n 0 Q 0. O 0. O o.o 1 0 :l 2.8 0. 0 .u n I I 0.0 o. 'I o.q IS 0 / 'S / lf.O /J.11 /4.0 :) 0 9 0.0 o.u <).0 /7 0 11 1,r.,, o.o /H I I 'f Jr; 0-'! /3.J f/f.O 1/ " IO 7 {,'-'f 3H /00. Tv Y Nulmer PerCenl ertain Doublful Tola! Certain Daublful Tatol 'll If 8 I 1/0 //. 'f (. 1. Ii.I /n4 "~ I'll I J. 'f S.7 /'/.I 10, If /i? /1.7 ,o.s ).J(-.2 I If If ,e I. R 0.5 J...3 J 3 ~ 0. /f o. JJ .9 I I :i. 0-1 o. I . l '-J( 0 8/ /0.~ o. 0 /0-~ 'I 8 17 /.-;/ I .0 1.-l ''" o I'll /f/.R o.o 19.8 ;_, / J 0 J.1 o. I 3.8 'iS85 J'/0 1·75 7S.5 ;Jlf S /,0. J,/,,,.,,H VEJ:? - .. Per Cent ertain Doublful Total Certain llatmllul Tata! ( 12 17 " //)./} /P-' 2t; I'/ /13 ,21).fl I.S-.t ~S:i II I If ~~ 6., /.>.9 ~ I If .2< ,u 3..J , () () P.O 0.0 /JJ n 2 2 IJ.{) 1,7 1., 7 0 7 f:i IJ,i ni I 0 I /XI /J.P t?,f 11 0 23 /1/.2 P.P /~1 ~ 0 ~ ..f.3 0.1) J.3 7 'f 'I I 120 -oS:i 3/1-.,2. 111a Certain 7 'JI, 13 I I-/-. 0 1( 2 42 2 12.B Certaiu 1f 41 'Ill 1 0 Cl 'I]. I 0 117 II :m Certai• " 29 8 I 0 IJ q ~ ,2.1 N 81. #tL l/£,f.{'S A.PK/.(... - PerCenl Daublllll Tolal Cerlaia - Tai~ 3 IO 'f. '1 2- I 7 .0 3 21 ;g. 3 J.. I 20.'f 7 " 1, · 2 If. 'I 21. I 0 I 0.7 o.o P.7 I 5 1.g 0.7 3,} 0 0 0.0 o.o ().0 0 11 l'f.8 o.o /If. 'I 0 ~ /. II /).0 /.II (J ',Ii 2'1.6 o.o ~9.6 /) l /. '-I u /,# I 'f I 'f2 90./ 'I. 'f 100. Av"usr Nllllber PerCent llDdJllu Tola! Certain Daublld Tatol f1 $ I f.7 '7'.11. /I,/ ( If fl I /17,. /#_3 --u,'{ '31 8' M.7 IU I f/2. 7 II/- I.£ /.1, ?? 0 D t1.O 0.l ,:).t; I I ,,,, IJ.Z IU 0 II')._ '!.JI- tJ.n f/,JJ I II !l.1 n::i. :v1 0 81 11/J;. /lA I'-" 5' I(, .2-.~ II J. s /S'S ¥91 Pf.I 35:,Z /1711, o~ce-., 6'rR Nuober Per Cent llaublfu Tola! Certain Doubtful Tola! (, I 2. l-f. I lf-7 'f. 'I :n S2 J:J.R /8.1 'IO.'f 12 ,a,, u 9.11 1.5:JJ- q I O.H o.o 0.8 " I) 0. 0 o.o o. 0 0 " o.O Q.0 o.o ()_ f 7. / o.o 7./ p 2 f.6' o.o J.h (I 13 18.I D.O ,,., A 8 6-3 o.o ,.1 4/ rn ,1.1 :n.3 IQO. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 126 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ! I Evaluation 0-Balloon l-Aslnllloln1ul 2•Aircraft Hiah1Ph810m. 4-Birds ~Cloud' Dus~ et~ 6-lnsutfit.lnfo. 7-Psycholo1ical 8-Unknot11 9-0ther Total EVllu,tion 0-Balloon 1-AsbDrmical 2-Aircraft 3-Liahl 1'11810"- 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.-.fa. 7-Psydlolo~cat 1-Unlalo• !1-()11,e, Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astnnllical 2-Aircran 3-LiahtPh-. I-Birds Hloud~ Du~ el~ 6-lnsuffic. •ID. 7-Psycholo&ical 1-Unkno• !I-Olller Total Certain Certain Certain 0 I () 0 0 0 I I .4 , ' ~l AN'<JA,e v Number Per Cent Doublfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total '\ ,Y,. V . , ,\J n,t...,, - Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .i ' lb..' " l' r- ..., V \ 'i'EPrFMBrH Nuaber Percent Dotrblful Total Certain Doubtfu I Total 0 0 o.o o.o oe 0 I 1,.1 0.0 !C,1 0 0 o.o o.o l),p 0 () 0.0 0.0 0.0 0 D Q.O n.o o.o 0 0 o.o 0.0 (}.() 0 I II,. 1 0 0 /6,1 0 I i&.7 o.o ,t.7 0 3 so.o o.o ro.o 0 0 o.o 0,0 o.o 0 b /00.1 n.o , 100, M:A,eo.1- ~v Number Per Cent Certain Doubllu I Total Certain D111bllul Total ho. A I i..V\ IY {\ 11.i. ToNr Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 , 7,7 P.P 1.1 0 I I ~.o 7,7 1.7 2 0 'l. Jf.'f 0.1 If.~ 0 0 0 o.o o.o 0. 9 g 0 0 0,0 g. (/ O.fl 0 (} 0 o,o O.I) O·O 3 0 3 1J./ /). 0 2}.J I 0 I 7'7 /J.O 7.7 If 0 If J0.8 o.o J0.8 I 0 I 7,7 U- d 7,7 12 I 13 '!J,1 7.7 /IP. Crro -- Nwnber Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dotrblful Total 0 0 0 0.0 o.o 0,0 fl ::l 10 /,/.5 11.'f U.'! 0 0 0 o.o 0 ., o.o 0 0 () o.o p.' IQ 0 0 0 o.0 A./J 0.0 0 0 0 o.o o,o ()I) 0 a () o.o o.o 0.0 I 0 I 7.7 o.o 7-7 ~ 0 ~ 15. If (),() !Pl 0 0 0 o.o ()./) n.~ 11 'l. 13 8'f.l, IS. 'I 100. 117 M, •=c_.LI At>~,L Nudter Per Cent Number Per Call ertain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total b,. _. I\. /4,. . 1-., \" .v-- )J l\,l ,\'\ . " ~ 1~-- \. ,Tv, ~ Av~11:rr Nud>er Per Call Number Per Call ertain DoubHul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ' 0 C IJ.O IU IJ.O 0 ]I 0 (),0 0.0 1),0 1 3 $' L/,J c., /().8 2 I ~ 18,2 'I. I 27.3 0 :l ~ 1).0 Lf.3 'I,.?, 0 () 0 Q.Q P,p o.o I 0 I ].2 0, 0 2.2 () /l 0 n.o o.n o.o (} () 0 0,0 o. 0 o.o /I 71 0 O.P o.o ().0 0 (} 0 o.o 0,0 1).0 0 0 0 ()./j 0.0 !l.0 6 0 ' no o.o IJ.O 1 0 ~ 19, i u JI.~ /} 2 :i. o.o l.f.3 1/.J 0 0 0 o.o 0,/) O,f; q 0 Cf J'f.6 0.0 If.{, 6 0 (, f'f r; d. q HJ l'.i 0 15 37.6 o. 0 l.u:Z 0 0 0 I!,{} 0. /} 0,/J 3'1 7 'f6 8'1./J /.S,l QO. /0 I II 'lo. 'I '1. I //JO. _,¼. .• - ...,-- h£e-.1"'7"trF/1' Nud>er Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doublful Total 0 0 0 n.o 0,1) P.I) 0 0 p 0- 0 O.P tJ.p I I :l.. 33,3 3J.J (,t,{, i; 0 I{ /dQ.O /J. p /()(),() 0 0 0 0.0 o.o u 0 0 0 0.0 o. 0 0,P I 0 I 3J.J o. 0 33.1 0 0 0 o.o o. O l?.O 0 0 0 0,1 n.P O.d 0 n /) o.o O·O P.P 0 0 0 o.o o.O 0.1, 0 0 () d.O O· 0 to 0 (J 0 o.o O.d M.0 11 I) 0 P.P d· 0 O.P 0 0 0 o.o O,tJ a.o 0 0 /J 0.0 0 .o P.n 0 0 0 o.o r,,o o.n 0 0 () o.P O·O "' 0 p 0 oo 0 0 0,0 /) 0 I) q.P o.n ().f) 2 I 3 ,,.; JJ.:; 1, a,. 0 0 s {uv.o o.o /OP.


=== Page 127 ===

TA,, oy F£D~ ""~ ltlmbel Per Cent NU!llber Percent Enlaalion Certan Douttful Total Certain O..btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful ,!,Balloon 0 0 I) Q. 0 o.o o.o 0 tJ 0 0 fl 0-17 l•Aslninom1cal t 3 " f0.0 15.0 1{.0 ::l .t. 5' ?Q.0 'fP.O 2•Aircraft 0 0 (/ o.o o.o o. tJ 0 0 tJ 0 II "" I il-L1atit Phenom. ,; (J (} /}. () I. P g,g 0 0 0 11,/J - " 4-Buds II () () 0./) o.o o.o a 0 a II d /),/) 1 ~Clouds, Oust. etc. u /} (J o.o 0,1} 0.0 0 0 .o il.d IJ,d 6-lnsuffit. ~lo. (J :J. It. 1 O.Q /1.7 a 0 0 a.II /7,0 7-PsydDlo~cal 0 /} /) IJ.O tJ.O t),0 0 /) 0 ,,,, b/J 1-Unkno• ~ n (} t?.P (),() /'J,(J 0 11 0 (),l "·" '-01111< 0 I I ,, n 8.3 9.J t) 0 g ,,., ().p Tolll 8 'f u u.1 JJ.3 I/JO, 3 2 5 l.tl.o 1//1./J i H-Av •¼tVE' I Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dollltful Total Certain Doublrul II-Balloon (} 0 0 o.o o.o Q.Q ') (} 1 ~- 00 1-AsbonDllical I I J /0. p I 0. 0 ZP.O 0 (/ 0 P.d 11.d 2-Airmft I (} I 1/0 o.o /0.P I} /} n P.o d.Q Hill1IPlr11m. 0 2 z o.O 10.0 UP I g 1 o.o q,q ~Birds 0 I I Q.0 I d.P /0.0 0 q 0 Q,O u 5-Cloud' Dus~ etc 0 () 0 0.0 o.a Q.O I 0 I 31.3 Q.d 6-lrmffic. mto. ~ n 3 no 00 JQ.(J 0 n 0 v.o Q.I l•PsydDlo~cal 0 0 0 Q.Q gO o.o // 0 q 0.0 /l Q 8-UnknoMI I 0 I ,o.o 0 Q ,o.o 11 0 0 ao 0,4 '-Other 0 0 ti 0,0 0,0 0.0 {) () 0 qp P.d ' Total i; If ,o tq.o 'fl.O 100. J 0 '.3 mo Q.0 ~- • - ·- - --.::,~ D;. /'.?e '" -,,..rRr-,/? •F.R Nuobel PeJCent Nu- PerCst Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful c,11111 ... () '2. ~ l}.0 33.J 113 3 'j t J!.O !f.O J.A-ical (} I I 0.0 /1.7 /(,,] I 3 L/ .5,0 1!,0 2•Aircrafl I (J I //,.7 o., ,,., I 0 I 5.0 0./) Hidlt Plr-. 0 0 ./3 o. q 11.0 O.Q I Q I ,5.0 n,11 I-Birds 0 II {) /1,/1 /1,/) ao I I 1 ,J. 0 LO 5-Cloud' Dust, etc 11 rl 0 /l.O t,.O 11.a () 0 0 Q,0 0 0 6-lnsuffic. ■ fD. 0 I I) A.A •"·" o.o If (} If io.o o. /} l•Psytlrolosical I () I /1,.7 o .I ,,.1 0 () 0 o.o o.o 1-Unlolowo () rl " u o.o I.I 'l 0 1 /0.0 o.d '-Olhel 0 I I Q.O /C-7 lb-7 /) 0 0 o.o 0,0 Tcrlll ~ L; y JJ.3 1,£,i /Id, 13 1 'JP r,5.0 H.O 118 ,A-:t,.,. i,-# Nu- Per c.nt Total J,;ertain Doubtful Total Certain O..btful Total IJ.IJ I) I) /J 0.tJ P.O u /OP.P "J 0 ;/ n~ o.o 72, tJ.o 0 0 0 1.0 o.o 0,0 (),0 0 I} 0 g_p n.n A./1 ().0 I) 0 0 d.0 (J.(J ,, /) I!.~ ,, fl ~ qp 0,0 "" "·~ 1 (} l J2.:I. O,P 1,-,,z. ". 0 () 0 o.o o.o Q./) ,,.,, I (J I /J./ 0 0 Ill (),1 () 'I Jf o,o lflf.lf DIM, /AA, ~ If 'I {f,6 lflf.~ Ill. ,Tu,.,- Nullmer Pe, Cerri Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total u.1 '-f I ' l'l.8 3. 7 lf.5 o.o l.f 'I $ 11/.R II/. fJ lf.r. 0 I 'f 2 (, 111.B 1-11- n2 0., ( 0 I 3,7 o.o J.7 Q.O Q I I Q.O J. 7 3.7 '31.3 (} (/ (l 0.' 0.4 1.0 Q.4 I) () 0 0.' ,. 4 o.o ,. , 0 () ~ d,Q o.o ,. 0 O.Q s (} .5 If. 5 0./J ,i. 5 o.o ( 0 I 3. 7 o. I 1.7 m. /'I 8 27 10.'; Jf.(, 100. #t>VF <,IFA' Nud>er Per Cent Tola! ~ertain Doul>lful Total Certain Doubtful Total JQ,p I :2 3 r. I/ II.I /7. 20.0 ..., I 8 'I//. 2 .5. f 'f'l,/ r. 0 If " If :?.i'.5 0. 0 2:a.< 5.Q a q 0 0.0 u u tM 11 () p 0,0 O·f o.l o.o 0 0 () o.o (),0 0, /} :;.q.q I 0 I ~.r 0,0 J,9 O.I n {l D o.a o.lJ /).I} IJ0,0 II a a a.o 1.8 /}. /} o-O I 11 I 5Jf oo S.'f /QIJ. I 'f 3 / 7 8:/.j 11.~ flt. Ceftain 2 0 :3 () I 0 I n I II 8 Certain (J '2 I 0 0 0 I 0 0 0 'f Certain J 2 0 I} 0 (I 1 0 t :} /S /f{(B' ~p. /t,. - .. Percem Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Tot~ () J 'NII Q. /J 20.Q 1 'l 0.9 2U 1#,(J () 3 3q,& Q.0 3M 0 0 au u.o Q,I () I !U O.Q /A.O (/ 0 o.d IJ,d u () I I I.I O.d 10,0 ti (/ ~-0 O,d o.o () I /1.0 u 1,0.0 () 0 00 iJ.tJ 0.0 ~ /() go,o 'JP. 0 /UV, .4 &~sr Number Per Cerri Doublfu Total Certain Doubtful T~ 2 :i o.d 70.0 2P.& z 'f 7P.O 'lP.O 'fl O I 2 /0. 0 IJ. p 10.0 0 a o.o ,. 0 o., 0 p Q.Q (I. d n.O .0 p ,. 0 o.o o. Q 0 I {P-0 o.o JP. 0 d 0 0,A 0.P ,., (J p O.Q o. , q,I I I 0.Q ,o. 0 10.0 <, I 0 1/0.0 tl.O Ill. 0-Fc.JE·,._,,r,,. Number PerCmt Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Tola 0 < 8.J o.o 8. 3 8 I p l?.J 33.3 1/./.t I I 0,0 f.l JJ. 2. 0 p 0.0 O·d Ar, 0 0 o., l},Q d~ 0 0 4.1 0,0 IJ.P (} 3 17.~ 11.11 /;l,S (J 0 0.0 n,I) IO 0 r, ?r, 0 Q.d 'ZS.' (} 2 Q, 3 /).d (. 3 'f '2'1 t7-5 J7.5 1/dd. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 128 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enluabon rO.Balloon :1-AstlUOOl!lical f 2-Aucrlft 3-Ll&ht Phenom. 4•8Hds ~Clouds,Oust, ett. 6-lnsuffic.-.fo. 7-Psydl>lo~cal ~Unknown 9-0ttie, Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-AstlOnoaucal 2·Aircrafl l·Lichl Phenom. 4-Birds ft.Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-PsytN>logical &-Unkno'MI 9-0tne, I Total : I Evaluation ~Balloon 1-Astrooomical 2-Aucraft 3-Li,t,I Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholoeical ~Unknown l}-{)ther Total 77,yu PV Humbel Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 I I o.o s. (, 5.t 2 (, 8 //. I JJ.' 'f'I., q ( 5 ni s.r, 27.~ 0 (} 0 0. 0 0./} Q, 0 0 (} 0 0,0 0, 0 M n () iJ 0.0 (). 0 o.o 0 /} 0 00 o.tJMJ.o C1 0 0 0. Q o. 0 o.o J II 3 lt-7 o.o ll7 I 0 I S(, o. () .S.6, /0 8 18 5.5.t, H-9 ;n, #,..,, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 'I I S' /0.f) J, 5 ,i.s 7 It (, 17-5 10.0 175 4 ~ 7 /0, 0 7.5 17-6 0 0 0 o.o D-0 Q.Q 0 0 0 (/.{) o.o 0.1) 0 0 0 o.o 11.a d.O /I 0 If :n.s p 0 :l-7S q ~ t) o.o o.o o.o I, C f, l.f.O 0-0 lf.P 0 0 I) o.o 0. 0 0. g n. 8 'l-0 10.0 2.U. 0 !OP, 5' £/'T.•"" #'.*"' NumbeJ Per Cent Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I 3J.3 o. 0 JJ.J 0 0 0 O.& u.o o., 0 (l () 0.0 o., 0/J 0 0 /) o.o (l.O OJI /l () 0 0-P n.o Q.o () 0 0 M r,.b o.o 2 (/ 1 tt.1 /),() /t7 {) () () Q,0 o.o OJJ 0 0 0 00 0.0 ~-(} 0 0 0 o.o oO o.o 3 0 3 /C,J.0 1),0 IM, ,CE.~- •ov Number Per Cent ce,tain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 2 0 :z /'f.J 0.0 11/.;3 2. (, ~ /<f.3 '-m 57.2 ( 0 I 7./ 0, 0 7.J Q 0 fJ o.O o.n o.o 0 0 0 o.a a.u Q,O 0 0 /} 0,0 I!. p O.P I 0 I 7./ n.o 7.J 0 0 0 0.0 n.o o.o I () I 7,/ u 7./ I 0 I 1·/ u 7,/ 8 r, I 't SJ./ '12.-1 /QI. rv,ve Number PerCenl Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total I () I S.'! 00 5.f I 3 q s.r 17-f. ns I I 2 5,9 5.'f 11.B (/ p tJ o.o o,o fl 0 /) I) ~ 0,0 q q 0.0 0 0 p 0,0 0 q Q.O ? 0 '2. /1.B o.o 1/.9 I 0 I s.r o.o S'.'I 6 (! (. 35.3 o.o 30 I p I s.r o. 0 r.'1 /3 Lf /7 71-S ~H m. l"./rTP>'E'K Number Per Cm! Certain Doubtful Total Ce<lain Oooblful Total 0 I) () 0 0 o.o /),0 I 3 'f I I!. I JJ,3 'l'I.~ I f :( I//./ II, I 2V. 0 0 (J (l.O 0,0 00 0 () 0 o. 0 a o 0.0 0 0 (J M 0.0 OQ ? 0 l n.i o,o 222 0 (l 0 a,o O.t) o.o I 0 I // ,/ o.o /)} () 0 0 0,0 0-0 0.P s £/ q ss.t, 'l'l-'1 /0(), 119 M,1<0CH /10.,,11.-- Number Per Cent Number Per Cent J;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 0 0 o.o {). 0 O.() I () I J.3 il.() .J. 3 7 I I /{; v., JS.5 58., 7 I fJ H'l .f.J 'IJ. I 2 /} ~ H o.o c.s 2 () t /().5 O.P 10.5 0 0 0 Q.Q o.~ 0 0 0 q p o.D 0. O O.P z 0 '.I ,.~ 0. 0 6.5 0 0 () o. 0 0-P o.Q Q 0 0 o.o ().() o. 0 fl () 0 {).() o. 0 0. 0 L/ () 'f 17. 'f 0, 0 12 .I{ f 0 5 u., o.o 26-3 0 /1 0 0. P 0,PJ n.o 0 /} (} o. q o.o {).() ( () 5 !61 tH /6,1 3 0 3 10 ().0 IS.R (J () rJ o. 0 o. 0 a.O 0 () 0 n.o 0.0 o. 0 2.0 JI 3/ H-5 35,5 /00. JU I I'! ""·' .f. J /PO. ,Tv1-v ~,,r. <T Nurrtier Pe< Cent Number PerCmt ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I (} I ~-2 (). 0 n '7 (l t1 o.~ !).(} /). p 0 'i 5" P. 0 ,J/.:l, 3/.l I 30 3/ 1./, 1t,.'f 7!.S (I 3 3 o.o !f.8 /U.9 I :z 3 u ,f. I 7.7 0 0 i) 0.0 O.D o.~ 0 0 0 o.o o. 0 u 0 I I o. 0 t.:J. C,] 0 Q () d. 0 o.o 0.0 .) 0 0 0. 0 u o.o 0 (J p o.Q o.o (I_ 0 -~ p .J 111,f/ Q. 0 19.B 2 0 i f. I o. /) .5.( 0 (! 0 o. 0 o.O o.o 2 () t fl ().Q 5./ ? 0 ::l. fl.-~ 0 q /1.J I () I 1_t n,o 1..(, I () I n. 0 q l.'l, 0 () /) 0,1) rJ, 0 J.0 7 'I h' l{J.f) 5'6,2 II~. 7 3 :z 3 '1 17-1 /12./ /QO. MI/T.,,M 17 J":-O,, /7-c.e-HffE""R Nulltler Pe, Cent Number PerCBII Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douutfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 I I a., {7 0 I (/ I 6-7 0. C-7 t/ 7 II 'lt-i 'lt-7 7 J.~ 2 'f- t, (J.' 1?.7 'fp.o 0 I I fJ.O t-7 t.7 ,y_ (} 1 /J.J 0. 0 !J.3 0 0 Q O.{) u f).0 D 0 0 o.o o.o o.o 0 (} q tJ. 0 0.1 0.0 6 0 0 o.o 0-0 /J,D (J () 0 o.o n tJ 0-0 0 0 0 o.D o. ~ /J.0 0 (} 0 o.b Q./J 0.0 I 11 I f..7 0- 0 /,_7 /} p (} (),Jj Q.0 0./J (J /} 0 o,c 0 -0 (),/) 1 0 2 /J3 o.o /3.3 3 0 3 io.o 0 O 2Q.P 0 {) 0 0.0 /J,0 0-0 ? {) :t /J. 3 o.o JU " '! /5 '10.U (,0.0 /00. II 'f /5 73. ,,., /00.


=== Page 129 ===

El/AL 1/AfltJtJt -r,, ,.,, r£DPtJ"" v I - Percent Number Per Cent Ew1h11hon ~ Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 111-a.11000 (j 0 0 0.Q J.(} ()(} '3 0 :, 1n P.P 1'-7 <· f 3 5o.o 69.B tJ n.1. 1-AstlOIIOllical I I 13.9 2 • 11. I 33.3 12-A,rcraft 2. (} 1 /2.5 0.0 !H " 0 'I n o. 0 )2,1 3-Littit Ptlslom. 0 ll 0 /} p ll.O O 0 Q 0 0 Q. 0 (J.0 0-.0 4-Biflls ,) Q (J 0 o 0.0 0 0 0 {) 0 o.o o.o 0.0 S-Clouds, Dus~ el~ a ll 0 0.0 o.o 0. {) 0 n 0 0.0 11.0 o. 0 6-lnsuffic. klfo. I 0 I ,. 2 0 0 ' 1 I (} I SI, o.o .S.r, 7-Psydlolo~<II 0 fl 0 0.0 0 0 I O 0 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 ().0 .._ I 0 I ,:i 0.0 ,.;i ,, 0 2 I/./ o.P //./ ~the< I () I ,.i 0 0 fl 2 0 ,Z II.I o.o II.I Total I) 3· /e, fn !i.B ;oo I 'I If Ii n.a 222 /Od. ··- ~--- .. -;it-:;,--.::- J,, •. r r Number Per Cent Number PerCmt i Evaluahon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total ID-Balloon I /} I /II· o. 0 /'13 If 0 'I ct?i o. 0 t{,.? li-Astronom,cal I J ,',. ~ l'f. 3 n., 0 " 0 o.o O.d 0. I !2.A1rcraft ,) 0 o. 0 u.O 0 0 () 0 0 o.o 0.(1 0.0 :3-L,pt Ptienom. j 0 II 0,0 o.o o.o f) 0 0 ll.O (/ q o.o 4-Buds r; (; 0 ~.o o.o 0-0 0 f 0 n,o o.o 0. 0 ~ C 0 0 o.o /l.D i,,Jl J n,o 0. 0 $--Clouds. Dust, etc. 0 0 o.o 6-lnsufht. Info. o' /) :{ Ji.I, 0.0 '}</.t () 0 I o,r, 0-d 0. Q ~7-Psyclrllogical 0 0 (} O,d o.~ o.o J () a o.o 0 .d o.o 18-Unkno• I /) I Jq.3 o.o N.'3 1 0 'J. JJ.3 0 .o JJ.~ IS-Other ,) I I 0,0 /f,'2, /1/J 0 0 0 O.ll ·o.o 0. ~ I Total s ~' 7 11.~ 'J8 /,1 Iv'~. C 0 (, /dO. 0.0 /00, I SrPrffMtf'FR /l ,._ -~ I Number PerCenl Number Per Cent I Evaluabon Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain l)o,mtfu I Total Certain Doobtlul Total II-Balloon !) {J () 00 0.0 /J.O I () I /Q. 0 0.0 10.0 1l-Astronom1cal (' 0 5 3P5 o.~ n., I I ":I /A.fl I h.n 'Jo.o ~~~aft r. C '2 15'.'t ().O /.',.'I () I I o.o I 0.0 ,n.o ,3-Liglll Phenom. (; 0 0 0-0 o.o /l.1' fi Ci 0 n.o n.o n.~ 4-Bnds C 0 0 O·d 0,0 /J.b n I\ 11 o.o n,0 Oo S-Clouds. Dust, etc. r, !) 0 0.0 o.o r,,~ 0 0 0 /JI) n,O o.o 6-lnsuff,c. ~to. 3 0 3 n, o.o 11.J ., 0 0 /) a.o o.o Q.o 1-Psycholo&ical Q 0 0 o.o o.J 0-~ f1 0 0 0 ,// ll() IJ.(1 8-Unknowr1 :, 0 3 n1 a,o IJ.1./ ,, ti ' 60.0 Q.O 60.0 ,-,-Other (j 0 0 Q.Q o.o 0-b 0 0 0 Q 0 o.U o. 0 Total I ;3 0 13 too.o o.o ')/J. g 2, I t2 Fo.o :JO 0 /OU. 120 M,ocu- Nu- Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubl!UI Total 5 I ' /3.5 '), 7 //,.' 'I () # /P.9 0.0 /0.: ,, 'f II JR. f 10.9 21.1 n /) 0 oJJ o.p o.o 0 0 0 o.o li.n n,P 0 (} 0 0.0 o. 0 0, 0 ~ 0 8 u., o.o 'JU () R 0 o.o o. 0 n. o LI ~ if I O.'e Q.0 fp,g 0 'i II 0.0 10,B ,o.u u 9 37 15, ')'f. 3 !PP. .Tu v Nuni>er Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain DoubtfuI Total I 0 I 4:B 0.0 Lf,8 7 (l 7 JJ.J Q .0 I.H.J " I s lf,0 4.8 117, 8 0 0 n o.o o.o 0.0 n () 0 O.o o.O Q.O 0 (J n 0. 0 o.o o.O I, (l 1-1 /'7.0 0 lf,t 0 J 0 o.o 0.0 o. 0 t., 0 '-I /0,Q D,Q If p n () 0 P.O 1).0 o.o 20 I 'J./ rn '-1.9 m. J/ -A. - •o NuntJer Per Cent Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total 7 0 ~ /J,J o.o /3.3 0 0 0 o.o o.o t).n 2. if C /3,3 26;/ : JI/J,/, Q Q (/ o., 0.0 ,1-n Q 0 () 0,(/ o.o II.fl Ii 0 iJ O.p o.o II.~ J 0 I t.? o.o 1,,7 0 0 0 o.o o.o ().0 s 0 5 J?.., o.o 3.3.3 I (l I (,,7 o-0 M fl 'I /S [7J.J U.i /00. ,4,.R/L Number Per Cent Certain DoublfuI Total Certain Doublful I 0 I s: 3 Q.P If 0 JI- 2/. I 0.() " (l JI- 1././ o.o 0 (J 0 o. Q o.o /) ll 0 o. 0 0.0 Q D p 0.0 D.O -~ n· j /.J'.8 0./) I 0 I J'.3 /) .0 C. D ' 3/. t 0 p () 0 0 o.o O 0 !'I 0 If 1100.0 q,O Av,:;vsr Number Perc.nt certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubl!UI -i 0 '.I #. 7 o. C I ' 1 4. 3 7,(./ 4 I 5 IJ.~ f.3 f) 0 0 o.o o.o 0 0 0 p,q d} 0 /) 0 o.o o.o 2. (l ~ 9.7 0.(/ 0 p () 0. d 0 I, n ' l.6, / 0.0 I 0 I 'f.3 O.fl 16 7 2:; ~t.6 JP. 'f D--,- ~=,;-R Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubl!UI '1 'I ' ~3 It. 1 '.3 1'- 37.5 n, I 0 I 47. o.o () D 0 0.0 o.o 0 D 0 0-0 o.o () 11 0 a. o 0,0 I II I /.7 n.o I II I 'f. '),_ D.0 2 (J 1-. 3,3 oo I -/2 0 If. 2 n.a 17 7 :Ut 70.2 ;i..f. ~ Tot~ 5. 3 2/. I 1/. I o. 0 0.P 0.() /,S. f, S-.3 .1/ ,I o., I (JQ. Total ?.7 <0.4 '.ll.7 0.0 0 0 o.o 9.7 Q.Q U.I /.f.3 100, Total 1,., ,o.o t.~ o. 0 0. 0 0.0 lf.1 1./-,1, f. 3 't. 1.. I 00. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 130 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ! Evaluahon !}Balloon '1·ASIIOnomical I !2•A1mlft 3-Lighl Phenom. 4•8Hds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfa. 7-Psyd'lllo~c:al I-Unknown 9,Qtt,e, Total i I Evaluation i}Ballooo l•Astronom1cal 2-Aircraft 3-Li&ht Pllenom. C-.Birds S-Clouds., Oust, etc. 6-lnsuflic.lnfo. 7-Psycholo~cal B-Unkno• 9-Qtt,e, I Tota i I Evaluation l}Balooo l•Astn:inonlical 2•Aircrah 3-Liaht Phe'IOII. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. 7-Psycholo1ita1 8-Unknollll ,-Other Tota Certain .!. I il ('; C (' 5 0 5 I /'f Certain 2 i) I 0 0 C r; 11 I 0 'I Certain I J I 0 0 0 J () & :i. IC, JAMU RY lmmbel Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I -:, /0. 5 S.J !H '2 'J .s.J /v._r:; Jf.8 1. 1 o.o 10.5 /0 S C () O.v o.o o. Q () /'l o.o o. 0 o. 0 0 n 6.0 o.o o. 0 0 s Jt.J o.o ~t..3 C 0 0 C ().0 0. 0 (I 5 ,n 1),0 U.J 0 I 5;3 (J. 0 5. .1 5 ,r 73. 7 ;,.3 !/JO· HA v Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 < '10.11 0.0 'ltJ.v c' 0 c.c o.o o.o 0 I 70.0 0 0 20.0 0 ,) o.o 0 0 u I I c.r, 70.J .~J. C C (} :,'.) ,··.:', J. ~ 0 0 O.J o.v u - 'J ti.O I ~.o o. 0 V fl I 'Ju.(' C,0 ~o.o (} (j 0,/' o.o o.o I I ![ to.0 20.0 /(/{). 5£,PT~-M4'F"7 Humbel Pa Cent DIMlbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 ' IJ'. f o.o 5'1 I 3 /Jg .J'. r /7, 7 0 I Sf q_(J S.'I 0 0 o.o 0.:) 0. fl 0 0 0. 0 {) 0 0 0 0 e 0 0 ') .' o. 0 0 1 1/-B o.:; 11 B 0 0 o.o o. 0 O 0 0 G' 47.t o.o 71 0 1 II B o.o //, "I I /7 '19.! s.r JOO. ,,,:_-r-, ,,,,,,,,,, y Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I If. I 0 0 //,/ 0 2 z Q, u 1.?.2 n2 11 3 j o.O JJ.J 3J. 3 Q 0 0 /} 0 (/,0 I). 0 () 0 0 Qg b.D o. 0 (l 0 0 0.0 o.o 0,/1 0 0 0 0,0 Q,0 o.o 0 0 0 0.0 o.o M I 0 I //. I q,Q I/. I '2 0 ::t n.2 /J.V 21., 'I 5 q 11/1/1 ff.I, m .lv/1/r Number Per Cet1t Certain Doubtful Total Certain DIMlbtflll Total 0 0 0 0/1 (,,0 0.0 0 1 r. Q .0 0, 0 n n I 0 I .IM.? 0 .o ,.~o.o I 0 0 0 1 () 0 .o o.o 0 0 0 f)I) u D 0 0 0 0 o.c o.o Go 0 0 0 o.o 0 .n 0{, I) 1) 0 QO 0.0 o.o 0 0 0 ().0 p 0 o.o 0 0 0 Od o.o o.o I 0 I 100.0 Q.O /~. £1c ► ,'\~FA> Number Per Cent Certain Oo<l>tful Total Certain DIMlblful Total I 0 I I/. ao '/.i l I 7 1$'.0 'U 21.:i If ?. & /1,.,j p, 3 •Jf.o 0 0 0 0.0 o.o {J,O () 0 0 0.0 0. 0 0.0 0 {) 0 00 o.o (),() " 0 0 0.0 o.~ o.n 0 0 0 0.0 o. 0 O.fl " 0 ff 37.5 o.o 375 l (J I ff.] o.o 11.1. 1. I .3 'J'/· n,5 1;.'i /,JI}, 121 /C-j',4pc,;,t APH/,L. Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DIMlbtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0 (} 0 0.0 a.o o.P p 0 0 O.f u (/,0 } I 0 lt.1 16. 1 33.1/ 0 0 0 ~ O.P 0.0 0 I I Q. 0 1,. 7 /1,,7 I 0 I 33.3 o.o 'JJ,3 0 I) 0 0,0 o.c Q, 0 () (/ n O.o 0.() po 0 0 0 0,0 0.6 0 .o 0 0 0 0.1 o.o O.P D 0 0 o.o o.g 0. ii 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 o.c 0 0 0 ().0 O.D o. 0 '1 0 1 1,t. 7 o.o t (,.7 0 0 0 0,0 o.o o.o Q () 0 0 0 Ml o. 0 J 0 s £'0. 0 (),0 §I)_ 0 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 o.u 0 () 0 0.() Q,O o.o (; 0 0 0.0 o.O O.o if :t ~ 66-1 3J.3 ;oa. 'J 0 '., ///}.( 0. 0 m .Tvt-v ,:1, ,C./,15 T' Nuriler Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Ooubtful Total (J 0 0 Q. 0 o.o o.o I I 2 5,'f 1'1 11.8 I 7 3 //./ n2 3'.l.3 Q C 0 o. q o.o O.P I 0 I 11/.1 oo /(./ I 0 I 5., d.O .VI Q 0 0 o. 0 o. 0 o.o 'Z I :; JI. C ✓,,, 17,7 a ll 0 o. 0 O.Q OJ; 0 0 0 Q. /) (J./) (J.i} 0 0 (J o. 0 o.o 0. I) a 0 0 0.0 o.o a tJ Q 0 0 o.o 0,0 0.0 3 0 , 17. b O.Q n.i, 0 I I o.o //./ Ii.I 0 0 n O.(J 0.(J 0. 0 3 a 3 J..lJ 0. 0 JJ,3 7 /) 7 1.//. (. o.o J/./,'l I il I ,,., o. 0 //,/ J 0 I J,'f 0./) S.1 b 3 'I u;,7 Jj,J !DO. /5 1 17 ?i.2 /!./; 1#0. ~.,.,,,,,.,,,.,,._,q D,=& ~DER Nuriler Pe,Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Ooubtful Total 0 I I 0./) 6-1 (.2 I 0 I 'I.I (}.O r.t f 4 I Z '50.0 2r.o 7f0 7 I '3 /1?.:l '!. I 27-3 z 0 ~ l~-6 o.o IH t.f 0 LI 3t-'1 o. p 3C,4 Q 0 0 (),Q o.o o. 0 {) 0 0 o. 0 o.rl 0,/) 0 0 a Q,0 0.1 /).Q 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 Q.d Q n 0 o. 0 o.O M d (') () u o.c o. 0 I () I t,J.. o.rJ 6.1 I 0 I '1./ o.o If./ 0 0 0 o.o I) iJ a.o I 0 I 1.1 o.O 9,J 0 I) 0 p.Q l!.C n.o I /) I 9./ o.o 'f,t (J 0 0 0-0 0. 0 o.o 0 () (J o.o o.o o. 0 I I .{ /6, Cf!! ,/.1 fOV. /0 I JI '11).'f '(./ /00.


=== Page 131 ===

;T,i,A/0,1.DV ,,c-L - ,,7y ,.,_ Per.Cent Number Per Cent EYll1111lon Certain Doubtful Tolll Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubltul To131 Certain Doubtful Total ~8'11000 ,_ I /) I ,. 1 0.0 n I () I 5., (),0 S:t :l•Astrolllftlltal I/ I;- ,- )6.1 1C-7 51.'f ~ I ' ;JJ.) r., l.7.9 12-Aucratt 0 0 /J O.Q 0. 0 0. {) 1-- 2. If (/./ //./ 22-~ 3-Lict,:tPbenorn. 0 0 p O q q 0 0 0 ~ /) 0 0. (l O.Q o.o 4•Birds I' 0 () 0 0 00 0 iJ 0 /) I) 0,, Q.O (l.(l S-Clouds, llu>l et~ /) 0 0 (JO (/_0 Q./ ~ C tJ a. a O,q o.o 6-lnsuffit. kit>. ,, /) 0 0. 0 0() (),() I 0 I 1.' o.0 s. t 1-Psydlolo&iCII ;t._ tJ .l.. 11.3 0. 0 /j_ 3 /) /) /) 0.0 0,0 o.G ~-- 7-- 0 ., 13.3 0.() /J.1, ' tJ , 11.B 0.0 27.9 ~aw, 2 /) 1 11. l 0. p ,1.1 .2. L) .2... /I. I (/,() /1-1 T~ // .II- 15 7].J 76,7 /PP. IS 3 /fl /JJ.3 16.7 I OP. NAY 7u C Number Per Cent Numbe, Per COIi Entaation Certain Doubtful Tolll Certain llomtful Tolll Certain Dotmttul To131 Certain Doubtful Total ~8'11- II H I'S n, 'f.5 17.0 21 £ ;n IJ_(/ 3.7 16. l·Astnlnollical 111- 7 I' /'5.q 1-3 1/.'J. hJ 17 41 ,,,_' /0.C 25.5 2..\ircmt 1.i.. I? ,t;- IH o., 17. 2.£ 1.i.. J, It-I 7-5 ·;/J.6 HitfilPII""". J t' 3 JI} 0 p 3.f I I) I 0.f, Q.I .C, 4-Birds () C 0 I. 0 0 0 ().0 iJ I? 0 h.Q a.Q o.o ~Clouds, Ousl et~ 7- tJ -:i '). 3 o.o :n /) iJ 0 O.Q 0.0 o.' 6-lnsuffic.•ta. I, I/ ' ,.a (J 0 t.9 /( CJ ,; JI.] n.o //. 2 l-Psydnlo1i<>1 r {? 0 0 0 0. 0 0.0 JI. /) " H /),() 1-5 &-IJwoNI /J/. (} l'f /J.'I o. 0 15.1 ,, v 26 It. I ()Q II./ ~11.., 7 I 9 fl.0 I I 'f_ I s J ~ 3- / o., 1.7 I Totll 6 'I I 'f qg ]i.' 2/.f, /10. Jl5 36 16) 17-' 1).'f JQO. 5£PT&"'4/?ER /J,:;TL7 >r,,;, I Number Percent - Per Cent Enluation Ceftain 0Ollbtful Total Certain Domlflll Tolll Certain DoolJttul Ta131 Certain Doubtful Total ~8'11- JJ II 15 1-i 75 /0. 'J. .J '1 n. /./.1 12-1 "·' l•Astnnlllical ;2.]. 'I 3( 1.ro ti 2/. I 10 tr I? /J/./ J:l.1 Qt .!l 1--Aircraft q 31 I/ (I t.1 1/-/ 1-2n 1J. II /5 f. ' IH 2/.I 3-litfitl'llam. I 7- 3 0.7 /.It 2. I I) jJ. I./ (10 s., .s-., 4-Birds I 2_ 3 Q7 I 'I 1.1 I I :l I-If 1-4 u ~Clouds, Dust, et~ () J I 0 0 0.1 o. 7 0 I I O. O /. it /-'I 6-lnsuffi~ illo. I).. (1 12 ,9-?. 00 8-1. JI. 0 If- _r;,t, 0. 0 $'.f, 1-Psydnlo&i<>I () I 07 0 0 o. 7 0 I) 0 o.o 0.0 (}.Q ~Unknc• J3 JJ 33 11'1 00 21-'f II 0 II /IS 0 p /5'; ~11.., 6 2. 8 I'll /.'t )5 J_ I 3 H /.If in Total lf7 sa J!l-7 tn 1¥. 5 m. 15 3 (, 71 49_1 ro.7 I CO. 122 #~c,cN Number Pa Cent [;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolll 3 I °JI 11.s lt.:J. II.., I 0 I 'f,'l (),() 'f, 1 J ..2. S IJ-5 9.1 ao.~ /) tJ I) o.O o.o 0.0 / LJ I 'f.'J 0.0 '1,2 0 I I o.O 4.2 '/.' I JJ I If 1 0.0 '-1.1 j tJ ~ o. p l).p Q, 0 ~ /) jJ. lt.'1 o. (} 1'-7 I t5 'T 'I,'). 25.0 11. JJ/, It? .:UJ. 59 3 41- 1 100. r,, V Nulmer Per Cent ertain Doubtful Tolll Certain Doubtful Total 6t 11-7 in /';/.1 7.2 19'! 'It 3/} /10 13. 7 11., l'l,3 ,ft} 7• /70 (II 9. II, I 'H-1 /2 If It /,fl n.!. 1 .4 J I 'f 0,5 0. 1 0.7 I I ;I. n.'l 0.2 o. 'f /,~ 0 68 /0,lf q.g In.Ii- 9 S' /1./ I. If O 8 '.1.'2 !/.l-.J 0 111 18.B q.g 1$.? II I 12 1,7 0,1.. /. q 11'/lt /62 6.57, 7f,3 1'1.7 m. Mov,e-,...,,:,,1,,R Nuat>er Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .z fr ID 1-7 /If.~ Ii.• 5 s IA 1-3 'l.'3 1,9.? 3 .3 ' s. .. u I/.')__ z. J 3 3,7 /.? r.t 0 t) 0 0.0 0.0 o.O /) :z_ :l 0. 0 J.7 3-7 IJ p if 1.4 0.0 7-4 I t) I /.' 0.0 J.'J /.6 0 I t Ht. o.o 'J.'!.t 1. t) :z. J.7 ().O 3.7 35 I "I Sp l'f_~ 35- 2. JQP. AP""'/ Number ""Cent Certain Doubtful Tolll Certain Doubtful 3 '? 6 J,3 J,J IS I') 15 It. 'S (). p I'? 7 'J 0 /lf-J 7-7 I ,1 I 1- I o.o 'j' I 4- 1.J J.J /J t) 0 (),0 V 0 '"' I) ID II. o ().0 I 0 I I. I (). 0 J:Z. 11 .1, 35.?. o.n 2 0 2. 1.1 o. 0 90 / I r; 87.'f !1-I .ti. ,,.,, sr Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful 31, ,.,, 75 in JI. 1 li .ZS ,, 1/.7 7-2 /JI JIJ 75 "· 7 'I. 7 f 6 JI /.If /.7 I) tJ 0 U.fl o. () tP I I o.n 0- 3 :,; I) Ji 9. 1 0. 0 t,( I 't 2-3 0. 3 ,0 I? C7 /f. '2 o. () 9 ti- / i :i-b 1. I ~37 /10 JJl.'I r,v.i 'J/. 5 ./;?,r,,.-;,,-;9,1;,'? Number Per Cent Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful () ? ~ t() I/.~ '1 7 u ,9.7 It/ & I J/ I 2 ti 1',/.ff I () I 'l-1 o.o t) () 0 o.o o. ~ 11 /J 0 o.O o.a :! t) '3 ,.1 o_o I) CJ 0 0-0 0.0 II t? ii Ji-1 o.O 3 ~ 3 ,. 1 o.o 28 JO Jt'J fi-3 'I/. 7 Tot~ ,., 1,.~ 11.0 I. I 'i.'1 o.o JI. 0 /,I 35"-1 ~ -2. JPO. Total ?.I-{ 18.'J 1/.lf .'.? I o.O o., '1-2 1-(, 17-:J. 3.7 IPf Total 'l.1 13.; 2 5.0 2.J O.Q 0./) '-2 o.O 'JU ,.'} /NJ. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 132 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ; I E'11aat,oo 11-ean.... 1--i<al Z..Aircrlft 3-Li&jllf'll<nocl. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et, 6-i...t!i, Int,. 7-l'sydrolopcal .._ I-01lllr Total I Enhsation 0-Balloon I-As1Jonomical 2-Aircraft 3-Licf'ltPhl!IIOm. 4-Binls S-Cloud~ Dus~ et, 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psycllolo~cal 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total I Evaluahon II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aucraft 3-Lietit Phnm. 4-Buds 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-tnsuff1c.lnfo. 7-Psyci..lo~cal 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Certain J /) 6 0 0 t? 8' :z. 1 ~ Jlf Certain 17 ,)..2. /7 3 0 ..z. 16 ,... ;, I /Pl Certain b /fl 13 I I 0 l'f ? Ji:Z. r /// T,, ,U J/. .. C>V - Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful .2 > f< 2.'/ /I. $1 JI.~ 22'1 J q B6 4-.3 0 /) t?.~ ,,,,., 0 0 c» (?,IJ 0 n l"ln /)/) /) fl' Id ~.{) 0 ;z. H ~o I) 'iiU' 0.1) I A 7.1 1.4 7-.Z. 7/J 68.6 JU #AV Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 3 ;20 132 2 3 6 ..zt /71 If. 7 13 :JP /3 ")_ lfl I 2- S" n It 2 :z. c.o I C {} .2. /.' c.o 0 lb 17.. If '1,0 ,'} 0 t'.o IJ.() C lg' /If. 0 t1.0 7-- 1 'f-7 I t ;t.f ,1.q 16J )/.7 5EPT~ ~ - Number Pet'Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I.Z Ii' J(, 7J.. q ;. 7 l(;.F ·H :27 1/(l 7.8 It. 3 2 ., H, /"J, ::2. 3 , r. I?. I I iJ.O 0 (. 0 I</ //.If C.P (/ "J u 0.0 /) liZ H.3 /I.I! -;z. It u /.1 !JS /66 ,, 'l JJ / ,,r,,,-.- --••.c,y Nt1111ber Per Cent Tobi ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Ooublfll 7 ' /) 6 /0.j IJ.O lff3 II 1.2 ;z.:, )0.G 2/.8 /].' 7 J IP 9.1 r., ,,,, r; 0 0 tJ./! /)/) t/1) 1' /,) 0 M 0,0 /J, 0 f) 0 O,l 0,0 If.I/ .$ 0 :J .r.s ,,,,, :/.'} 0 0 0 t?.0 o.o It'! 6 () I" 10.'J I} I! 8.5 7 tJ 7 JJ. /).{) 14/l. 'Ji' /7 5", ,f./ JO.ff JbNr Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful If.> ,2l/ s-n If 3 7-7 119 72 17 3'1 /'l,.0 'lJ ;}J.3 ,7,f J.Z /f() /!-3 u. J.1 I I 2. o. r OS /t 0 0 I) ,j_t1 t?.O ft, 0 0 0 t?.O 0.0 11-f ~:,_ 0 ..t~- /2.0 0.0 I), 6 tJ 6 J.3 0.P /1/.0 33 I? 3"3 1$. t?.i) "· 3 7 I ~ 3.8 0~ I oo. /117 JG 113 90.3 11-7 Orr RF'7 Number Per Coit Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I0.B R ;;i. :zo q 9? JU /) I~ J3 ru /if.If 2'11 9 II ;20 7]. tB 18 I 7 "3 0 8 lt 18 :z :::z If It lt, 0.' I) I I t),O 0 g //" //) ~ /0 /?.0 O,./i 1.g I 0 I o.i ~/J 25.3 "i'O 0 fp 711, 0 /)_t) (0 7-- I 3 If, 0.3 100. 7?! i.f-7 12..,' •J.'f 3U 123 NAA,....1,1' A =,7/.t... Nu- Percent Number Per Cent Total ~rtai• Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubllul rot• /0. 'I 1 .z IP 7.b u 11.o J .2.. 'I f S /.t 7. I 9/.8 1:2 /0 2::Z. l'f.5 IZ.O ~t-5 11 y .;,;,. /!.O '}.JI /7.IJ 18-i ' 7 1.r 'f.(, i'f /i.O ~" 7 77 /5'.1 .5.$ 71.2 o.o ~ I) 0 at o.o ao I /) I 0.8 ().{) g.8 ,:?.() ~ /J .3 J.t ,.,, .J., J I If U/. tU 3.11. tJ,t 1 I I 0.0 12 /.'J. /) f) 0 P,0 0,/) t?.I. S-S /0 0 IP /2.0 tJ.P /:1..0 ..ZI 0 ;,../ !CS ,:).t? lt.'i I)_, /) 0 0 ao 0.0 t?.O 1 tJ 2 /.(, /J,O /.(, ID.f /3 0 /3 If. 7 tl.t? !f.7 39 0 3'f J0.7 0.p J0.7 In J fr 9 /.2 f.(, IO.R .,2. 0 ,2.. 1.6 ,?,O /.t /dO. .FS" >( 8'~ 66:J JJ.7 NI. Ill/- 13 /;J...? fl'I.J IP.1 /II. Jv,:.y ,4,,"' 5r Nurrtler Per Cent Number PerCmt Total Gertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwblful Total !f.O 7/1. 4/ /IS" JU {,.ff lf.O 39 39 73 '!.t 9t JU -:J/3 ,If 3/f 1.f 'II u IS./ 113 1,s !"i /0.(, II ,J 2 J.'J ')l'f -?ll 7,2. /66 /'f.7 /I 3 '2t. t 41 J.; ~1 //.5 f. t (0./ /,0 JJ JI 11 ,o 0 t u 6 6 I ;z. /.5 15 3.fJ /J.O "3 .J ' o.s 0.5 /. 0 ;; {) 0 IJ.O 1),0 IV t?./P I I :z o.i 0.1. 0 I(. tJ I I P.O 0 .;i (U /7.0 7tl 0 7/f /J.(, 0.0 //. t Iii? 0 /,JP 'U o.o 'f-9 3.J i 'x Ii /.3 /-3 N IO I II 7-J o.i 77 li.O 1.::zl 0 /:,./ /10 P,I) lfO ?r CJ 79 19.'f ,J.o tr.I(- 1/. J ;J.JJ I .,z:, '3.8 o. 2 If. 0 II s lb 1.. 7 11 3.9 !QO. #70 161 631 73.7 2"'3 IJJA :Z.7S /~ 11-07 t7.(, ;)2.'t /di- A/,,i,,- - Pre,,_ .<J =~H Nurrter Pet' Cent Number PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwbtlul Total tto s- q /fl, '17 F. r 13.' ' .F /I q 1/8 IP 5' ]. /.'f :z., I~ <;6 If 3 /'I 2 HI /8 /6 :;,a 17-1 15.-:l '3:1.3 It. 0 II t: /'7 /0-'f s.7 I&. I 7 II If ,.1 !P-5 17."J. H 3 I J.f 2.i 0.' J. 7 I 0 I I 0 .l'J.0 I.() J.:Z f, 0 0 /J,i "!fl /J.J, /} tJ {) tM ,?.O t?.O 0.8 () ;2 2. IJ,I! 1.9 I q t) t) 0 (?.0 tl.O t?,O fP 7 rJ 7 .t(, O.t {..(,, 'f 0 '1 gr, CJ.O 9.C o.B I 0 I 0 1 0.() OJI 1. /) 2 I. 9 O.t) }. o/ 2'1.4 ,2..1 0 71 /1.9 t?.P 1,,.8 ;1-2 ~ :22. 1/ 0 /l. !) 1/. 0 Vf If 0 If J.b 0.(J J.8 ( 0 y 7_r; P.D 7,? m. 13 .73 /Pt t';.9 3/.J Ill . 73 J.L IP.I' f,f. 5 Jo.• 100.


=== Page 133 ===

I ✓ ANVA/?Y F.&B'RtlARY ! r.imber Per Cent Number Per Cent EYlluahon Cfflain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful: Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !O-Billoon .. ·I-Astronomical !2-A1rcr,fl v-- Y' 3-Li&f'II Phenom. \ ... \ t-Birds ,--. '{' ....'< S-Clouds. Oust. elt. \I i )/ S-lnsufflc. Info. ~ I \~ 7-Psydl>lolical .\. I ~ II-Unknown ,- ' 9-0the, ,_ Total : i --- - . - ,,t-/AY Tt,vr I Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain; Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certaiil Doubtful Total Certain OoubtM Tot~ jO-B~loon I I D I 77 o. 0 7-7 : l•Astmnom1cal 0 I I 0.0 7,J 7. 7 !2-Aucraft 1 ? 0 '.Z !fl/ O.o !H :3-Liatit Phtmm. '\ 0 0 0 l.C 0.0 0. 0 4-Buds I .'?'- " ;J O tl.fl IJ.0 ~-0 :5-c1ouds, Dus~ etc. i 'Y. ,Q 0 0 c.o o., t?.O !6-lnsuffic.lnlo. i ·- 3 I) 3 23} (J,[) )3.1 ;1-Psychoto11cal ! ' \J I .0 I 77 (I.I) 77 llrUnknown '" 'I 0 4 3q f tJ.[) 30 g 19-0ther I 0 I 7.7 {).fl 7 7 I Total 17. I /'J 9J,3 n NO, r-- 5FPr..,...~=EP o,,..~,, P&C",Q I Numbet' Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Crrtain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0-~toon 0 0 0 O 0 o. (} o. 0 0 /) 0 o.o o.a o.o l•AstRJnomial I 0 I 2o.0 u ':100 I 1 3 16.] 13.J so 0 2•Aimaft 0 0 (j o. 11 o. 0 o.o 0 0 0 0.() o.o 0.0 Hitt,11'11...._ 0 0 0 b. p o. 0 DO 0 0 0 o. 0 0.0 oo 4-Birds 0 0 0 0 Q o.u u.o d (j 0 o.o ().Q 0.0 Hloud~Ou•~•k I) 0 /) I)/, 0. 0 o.o 0 () 0 OfJ o.o o.o &-lnsuffic.lnlo. I 0 I 'NO tJ.o 20 O 0 {' 0 o.o /',I,) Q.P 7-Psycllolocical I /; I ;/o.o fJ.O ,uo I 0 I It. 7 /J,0 1,.1 11-Unkno... 2 0 1_ 'lo o tJ.f, 4o.o ~ () ~ 333 t'.v 3JJ !I-Other 0 0 0 O.;; a, o /),0 0 0 0 0.Q Q. p /).(J Total s 0 5 Nie f.o IP(} 'f L ~ en 33.3 /QO 124 dy MtJ,vr,1 t:?P #.ARC# Number Per Cent certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain ' /.... \ . ~ ,:\' y I'... 'J - Jl/,t.Y Hunter Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain t 0 ' !H u IS.0 0 1 3 5' u 1.5 /').{ r 0 2 ~ u r.o r. o 0 I 0 I 1s 0,) 2.5 0 (} IJ 0 oo 0.0 (J. 0 /) 0 0 0 0.0 0. 0 P.O /) t /) C /5. O O,P If. o 2 0 'l z o.o 1." Ii- 0 (} g 0 g ~o.o ,?.,? w.o C 10 0 ;P 75.0 o.o 2>.0 0 33 7 lfO f:l.S /75 /(JO. 'I _,¼ V ~ - = Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0 (l 0 (/0 o.o 0,1 0 I I ~ 33.3 JJ.3 66, 7 n n 0 o.o 0.0 O.Q () I () I 11-3 04 n3 0 tl tJ I) M (),() /J,t I) ~ /) /7 CIO t'/,/J /J.O 0 0 0 () ,?/, (;).(;) ,'./l " /') cJ I? /J_/) /J.IJ /J.tJ (} 0 I,) () ~, /)/') t:i,I) I) I') p I) tJ.tJ -,,,,/') t)tJ tJ 2 r 3 f.t.7 -3:!J /IQ. 2 APR/£- Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful )C,,. '\ Y'- ~ ... \ \) "' ,t/,,,,._ vsr Number PerC81t Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful () 0 tJ.O 0.0 I ':! /d q !PP 0 0 a.o 11/l 0 0 b.b /J.O ,1 0 00 A() 0 0 /).() 0.(/ 0 '.I -:/0.D t),/) 0 0 0.0 1.0 I> r, tp_ 0 /JI) 0 0 o.lJ Ill I 10 rn /Q.O .Psc,=MA~= Number PerCmt Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful 0 0 0.D q,p 0 '.I UOJ) 0.0 0 0 /J.O (l.Q 0 0 o.o M (I 0 o.o ~ 0 L) ,M P.CI 0 ~ o.o /).() 0 (J (),0 ().() /) 0 tl/J t)j (} 0 /?.,J /).() 0 1 /PP.O o.o Total Total ~.O -;/0.P 0/J ao or Q(} ~UJ f,g (,p_q p 0 0/)' Total /).0 /PO.O P.I 0,0 tl.O tJ.t tl,D A/, n.n p,, /lo. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 134 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I :r:.. N,'R('h/ Number Per Cent Nunlbef Pe, Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Enlaahon Cert•n Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total trtlin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooulltful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 12-Aorcrlft O O b 0.0 0.0 0.0 0 0 () 0. 0 0 0 IJ.() 0 0 0 /J.J I.O AA :3 () 3 J(),I) d,0 ..,,,,, 4-Bnds 11 I) tJ "· 11.0 n~ () tJ rJ r,I) o.o o.o O I) 0 /J.O l)t (I.() I O I /(l,tJ /J,tJ /0./7 ~Cloud~Dus~etc o t) o /Jr. t).t) ,1,, o O O n.r o.t 11,t O O O t?,; ~,() O,D I) O O -?,P t),tJ ,I.I) f-6-_lnsu_ff_ic_ll_fo_. -+----'l'+-___,,/)'--1 :l 1Q.I) /JO Jn O 6 /'J I) o.~ /),/) /1.() 2 I! 1 U-1, tJ.1, .Zf6 I IJ I /o,o d.O /IJ.() 1-Psydlo1o&ica1 o o J o O o. c o. o o o o nr: il.O P.~ n o o o.P tJ.I! o.D o tJ O P,o Al> 1.0 1--• C O O 0.0 ~11 tJ.o () I) (I 40 /\" (),o I I) I i'l,3 IP./. //J.J I fl I /0,0 II/I 1/J.O 0 I I o.D Ill D /o,o o O I) p,, ll0 (l,I) Q :Z .1. o.o JU, 7fl,6 0 O O {),() (),I) /)/J Totll Numbtr Per Cent Number Per Cmt Per Cent Nuober Evaluahon Certain ' Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Domtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Celllin Doub11u1 Total Cerllin Doublfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Bllloon 2. I '3 3. 3 /1,2 l,M p 2-. I-Astronomical I I 1 lb,1' /tJ.() ;/Ml O I! 11 0. 0 n.O l)n z. .:z.. I O I t'O.O /),I) /tJ,I) 0 0 {) 0. 0 0-0 ti.() 4 2 6 /1,,.7 f."3 :i.,~ I I il·Lirhl Phenom. 0 '2 ~ 0.0 'Zn_p 20.t O / I 0. O '33.3 33. I O I .u.> "·" JJ., 0 0 0 A a h,/l ~ :4-Buds ll I I tJ.P ,.,, 11.2 0 t> () Hloud~ Dus~ etc 0 ?' 0 ta0 DO 1,0 0 tJ O IJ.I) D.C P.O D fJ O tJ.o "·" l.o p 0 () n.n tJ.o /J.() :s-1nsuff1c.lnfo. .1 C 3 31.1 ,.,.., 11.P o r, o ac 121' atJ 0 t) 0 o.c /111 /)I) I'> I ltJ,0 "-" /I},/) i7-Psyct.11011cal ,' 0 u 11.P 0. () I},() 0 tJ O 0.0 fl,n r, n o a o tJ.() P,tJ o.o 0 (J 0 S.Unkno• 0 tJ (} 0 0 Cl aP ()1> /J,t O r, IJ P,p ().{} 11,IJ D I I tJ.rJ /tJ.P M,0 I Total 5'- - --- t?.rre ,_.,,, A1, - £?£/"&,¥,P~D I Number Percent - PerCt11I - Per Cent Nuober Per Cent EYaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain -Ill I Total Certain lloulllful Total Cerllio Doubllul Total ertain Doubtful Total Celllin lloulllfu1 Total Cerllin Doublfu Total Cerlli1I Doubtful Total 0-Balloon 0 1 2 /1.0 13.3 .33.J 3 7 l, 1,0 /{() .:/0.0 I 2 J .f.1 If.I /7, 'l 'l 0 ~ JQS o. () /ti..> 1-ASbunollical 0 I I O.b 1,.1 /{.? I 3 4 S. o /5. 0 21>.rJ 7 I R 1/1.1 .J. '1 1/-7.J '< 'I ' l/0.S" 1/.J 31,6 2-Aircraft I 0 I /(,_ 7 0,() II.; I a I .S.0 0. 0 5.0 If () ~ :lH 0.0 ;235' 0 I I o.o ..5.J S..J 3-LithlPh..,._ ,· 0 0 ().P (),(} (!,p I /) I 5. 0 on s-.o 0 (') () Q.O n.o Q.O I) 0 0 o.o d.Q ().O 4-Birds 0 0 0 0.0 (),() (},() I I ;l s.o 5'.0 /(),/) t) 0 0 ()J) /J,/) ,J.t 0 0 0 Q,6 M /J, S-Ctouds, ~st.etc. 0 r, (, c.o II n o.~ C n " I),(/ 0.0 P.() 0 0 (J n,/J 11.0 o.o /'} 0 I'. o.r. P,/J (J.f.. 6-lnsuff,c.lnfo. (/ 0 0 tJo A,/l r.o 4 tJ II 120.0 /)/} 20.0 I 0 I f.'l M f9 ~ 0 5 1n (),() 15. fl 7-Psych>lo~cal I () I /(7 "·P lo. n p (i ()n t1 t n.n (I 0 [) 0.0 i?,D 0.0 0 0 .0 0.fl ~!} I'll'. S.Unkno• 0 I) () M {).I) (J.P. '.2 0 '} ID 0 0.J /I.() n /J 0 o.o {1.p 0.Q ,t; /) J' 7L3 /J.t 126. 3 9-0l!ler Cl I I {),{) It 7 /67 a 0 0 D./J {)O /J.IJ I tJ . I ).9 (l.t) u 1 0 :2. /O.f /J.,J !OS Total './ '1 ' 33. 3 '' 7 /00. 13 7 A,/) ~o 35.0 /D(), I 'f 3 /7 n,, 17.t /di. I'; ~ If 7J.7 2., ~ m, 125


=== Page 135 ===

T,4 ,, =., ,C~,, ,,,,.av Jt,mbef Per Cent Number Per Cent Enluabon Cemin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tBolloon 0 I I O.IJ ,.:J. ,.i 1. tJ l li.Z /JD If. 1 l•Astn,nomical ~ ) 7 ns 31. :/ 'IJ.7 1 'f ~ 111.2 31.1f s,, .:. 11-Aucraft i+ I s 25.0 p J/ 1. I 0 I '/. I p.lJ 'II 3-Liatrt Phenom. IJ IJ I) t>.~ tJ,I) 0.1) (i 0 0 tJ./. tJ1, (J.0 4•8i1ds I) /. 0 ,,,,, On ,,,, 0 ,, t? ti.I) 0./) "-~ $-Clouds, Dus~ et~ () I) 0 ,11) 11/J on /) {) /) /}j /J,{J J./J' 6-lnsuffic. Mro. ? 0 0 !J.0 ,.,. 0.0 I 0 I '!.J t?.tJ 9./ 7-PsJdl)lo~cal /) () [) o.o 0./J 0. 0 0 0 lJ M' /)./) /J.j 8--Unkno'MI 1 0 ~ /2.? /)O fl.( 0 () () n.o /JII h/J !I-DIiie< I 0 { , ... u ,.2. I 0 I "· I 0.0 f// ' Total '! 7 /1, ff2 .lfJJ /QO. 7 If JI ,s, 3H /91. .k/4 y ,T, Ur- I Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtlul Total 0-Balloon 11 0 'I 13.$ (JO /]8 I 0 I n v. 0 ,f.J l•Asbonomical ~ 2. {? ,o 7 ,.r ':J7.t { 3 'I- 9., 1).0 3JJ 2--Airmfl 4 3 7 JJ.9 //}.J Jll.t ( I ~ ~- 3 8.J 1,.c Hi-.lPIHIIOII. l'J 0 () o.o 0-0 o.o tJ ~ 0 o.O o. d o.o 4-Binls " () 0 ,ao V.f) ~.IJ /) () /'; o.o 0.0 (9.1, >Clouds, Dus~ et~ tl 0 0 (l_(J P,() Q./j I? 0 I? t.c OP 11.D 6-lnsuffic. ~to. '5 t? 5 17- < IJ D /7.1, ') t) ~ "· ,1p In l•Psycmlopal 0 0 a ao 11.0 ,I.I) I tJ I 8. 3 /P,p f3 fl.Unlmo111 ,. /) J 17.1 /) () /7.1 I /) I {(3 /Jn i.3 9-0lller 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 o. 0 I (J I g.~ 0.0 c. 3 Total 1'1 t :Z'/ 81.! 17] /{}I), 8 '-I /'2 en 33.3 No. ')£pr - - ('/,-7,,, ,0,,-,0 I Number Percent Number Per Coil Evah,ation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubllll Total Certain Doubtlul Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon I 0 I 33. 3 0. 8 '3J.3 0 0 () 0.0 q,Q 0.1 l•ASbunomical 0 q 0 0.1 0.0 o. 0 I '1 4 It./ 'H.3 1/'l.'1 2·Aircratt 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.o I I 2 //.J I I.I 1:/.2 3-Li-.l l'llsm. 0 /) 0 0.IJ 0 0 o.o 0 " 0 o.o o.g o.o 4-Binls {) 0 0 11,/1 0.0 0,0 0 0 0 o.o P.O o.o Hlouds,llust,etc. (} 0 0 rt.O 0.0 o.p 0 0 0 /P.O q_d n.o 6-tnsuffic. ~to. 1. I) ;z '' 7 ~" tn !l. 0 :? ni aP n.i 1-Psycholopal (J 0 0 p.o O:o 0-, fJ j tl O} 0.0 O.fl fl-Unlmolll Q 0 f) o.o ~n o.n I 0 I IJ I /J n I/. I 9-0tlle, Q 0 0 OJI 0.0 ,.n 0 0 0 0.0 o.o 0.0 Total 3 0 3 Jdd.O 0 0 !PP. r Lj 1 rr.r. 'fl/} 00· 126 M.,,.,..,,. Nu- Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total (} d {) o.o (JO o. 0 I/ " /.J J/.) 'fl.II (g_§ !J n ;/ lo.$ P.p lfl-S 0 0 n al • I\ b.lJ 1 0 2 ii.If /J.'O Jo.5 tJ 0 0 (J.{) 0.0 o.o I CJ I S.3 ,1,? J.3 tJ 0 0 tJ.O (J.tJ tJ.1 I 0 I s: 3 AA ,5.,3 0 () 0 o.o o. 0 u.o /0 'I I 'I u, 17.lf 'Od. .·Tu r Nurrtler Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I (.. 7 P. 9 '·/ (J 4 4 o.o 'Jc. 7 7'-1 0 1 3 0.0 'JO,O ~O.I n 0 (J o.o 40 • o.o 0 I I nn c. 7 f.7 0 0 () (J. 0 O. D 0. 0 3 0 3 20.0 C/0 20.0 0 () (J 11.d 0.0 0.0 ? I) t I 3. 3 /)7) IJ.3 I 0 J ~-7 o.o ,.7 7 5' ,r '10 S'J.3 /10. .,-v.,,., - - Nurrtler Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 I I 0,0 C.3 H J/ 'I- 8 13. 3 33. 3 ?t, 0 I I 0.0 9.3 $.; 0 n 0 0. 0 0. 0 o.O {) 0 0 o.o 1.10 0.0 0 0 /J n.o o.o tJO 0 C) /) o.o ()J o.o 0 0 0 ll.O 11.0 u.o 1 /'J ,:; /t.7 d.Ll 10 0 0 () 0. 0 R.O (}.O ~ 6 11. S"QO fO. 0 !OP. AP<'/£_ Number PerC<Rt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I (J I ,. C o. lJ " I -, 313 ..s.t 2 0 1 //. I O.d 0 0 0 o.o /J.O 0 0 0 o.o ().0 ,.., 0 CJ J() 11.r) < " ~ 27.8 4P 0 0 p 0./J ,:J.I) 3 0 :J {6. 7 ~~ a 0 D ().d ,?./) /7 I IS '1'1.'I r.t ,t/,,/ u:T Number Per Cent certain lloubtfu Total Certain Doubtful 0 0 0 Q.I o., I I I, 17 'I. fl C4.0 { '.( 3 'IP 3o 0 0 0 o. 0 O.(} c; " 0 0.0 tP.O 0 () () P.O o.o 2 0 A. f.O O.o {. () '.< fl. 0 O.P I () I If. 0 0.0 0 I? 0 o. , d.d 7 19 u 25'.0 IJ./ r, - ·,;;, Number PerCenl Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful I 0 I ,.7 IJ.IJ 2 If- ' /3- 3 ,t,.(, l p 1 13. 3 o.o 0 r) 0 I). 0 tJ,/J () CJ 0 ,:J.n /){) 0 () 0 IJ.O t?,0 J (') I C-7 ap 0 0 q Q.Q to :f_ I) 1 24. 0 l)p -;/ 0 ') /3. 3 /J.I) II 4- /5 73.3 71,,.7 Total s. (, 3~.? If.I rJ.O 0,0 ;I,/) (7."l o. 0 /&.7 o.O /Id. Total O.P CR.n J:U Q. 0 O.P IJ.0 iP u 1/.P (}. p /rJO. Tola! 67 3?.1 /1.3 o.o /).{) tl.P ,. 7 n.o 'J.o.p 13.3 loo. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 136 ===

·1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluatton IJ.Balloon /)·ASIIUflOffllCII 12-Aucratt 3-L,rt,1 Phenom. 4-Bnds ~Clouds, Dusl etc. 6-lnsuffic. -.1r>. 7-Psydl>lolical 1-l)llmo• ~111.. Total Evaluation l•Asbonomical 2-Aircraft 3-Liehl Phenom. 4-Birds 6-lnsuff,c.lnfo. 7-Psyctmlo1ic.al 8-UnknoYIII 9-0ther ' Tot~ I I Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astrunomical 2-Aircraft Hiet,tPh.,..,. 4-Birds I-Cloud~ Dust.el~ 6-lnsuff1c. ~'°- 7-Psyd,)lolie,I 8-Unkno• 9-0lhei Total t,9S:t2 rA LJ?f' C.r- ~- A =f' ~=CH A.o&>/L rtimbef Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Pe,Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain DoubHul Total i;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoubHul Tlrt~ 0 I) 0 0.0 Od 0(/ 'Z t'J 1 />.if /),() lf'f J I C 17.9 ]., Ji) I p I 7.1 1),0 71 {" 1 q '3F5 HI (,/(, z 'l J /{'I n.1 l:iB.5 'I p tf /11.j 0.0 l'f.3 I p I 7/ fl.lJ 7. I ') 0 ,. lf'f p.O lf'f '.1 0 ;I. If.If O,P If/, 1 " 7 110.1 1'13 uo fl 0 ':l J'l.3 t1. (J 'J'f. 3 ~ 0 0 aP 1\,0 P.I 11 C I? 120 /},0 ,1,b () 0 I) 0.P ().0 d,P 0 0 0 o. n ,1,(7 0.0 C ~ C .ao p.o n, "' 0 () I)./) JJ.() ao 0 0 () /J,6 (),() 0.0 0 (J (j o. p 0. p IJ.6 0 £, 0 0.D 0.0 tJ.o C () 6 t).O tJ,/) 1).0 0 I) 0 IJ.O 0. ~ 0 p 0 0 0 11.0 /),/) tJ./) I (l I 7, /Jn 7 7 I I) I 7-7 0,1 1.7 (, I) " '}/,4 /'),I) J./.'f '3 0 3 '211/- Ol :II.If 0 p 0 O. 0 ().{, o,o v tJ 0 OJ) 0.0 /),/) r; () 0 /JI. tM /!P I 0 I 7.f ()~ 7./ I ~ 1 7 7 (),t 7-7 I /) I 7.7 M 7.1 i/ 0 If II/' /J,I) l'f.J ' 0 ' /fJ.'f P,{) 1/l 't I () I 77 0.0 17 1 t') '2 15.lf (}.p If_ If 0 I I O.b H u 0 () () 0- R /1,n o.o 10 3 n 7ti1/. '23.J IIJp. IP '3 / 3 7{,.~ 23.I /PP. n r. J9 1n 'l.H !PO. /'I 0 l't IPI.G Q 0 o(), T.u.,,- Ju,._y A rtJJT Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntler Per Cent Number Per Cmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oold>tful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certan Ooubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total (' 1 /Lf.3 oo /'{.3 Lf tJ If ((.7 IU ,u I O I ,.7 OP (.7 "2 () 1. 10.0 o.o rq.o I I '.< llf.3 l'f.J2G,(, 0 0 0 M /l,I) O.f, I fl I b,7 Q.p ,.7 / tf 5 :f.O 2o() 2~P 0 () n o.o OP 0.1 0 O O t)./) 0,0 Of! ff I 5 Ui b-7'3J.'f ~ I SUP f.0 1<,Q (l O !I O,o u.o o_p O O O o.o 0.0 P-4 0 (J Q Q.O !H o.o P r1 0 P-0 (}. 0 u-0 0 0 (} t).(I 0-0 0.0 0 0 0 11.6 ,1.P /1.0 I'\ (I O 0.0 A ti fO ,; t? I) (l,P /).P /J.C o .;J O 0-0 O.o 0.0 a IJ o tl.O tJ.o t).tJ t1 cJ /"J P.0 o.O 00 o tJ O o,t o.O 0.0 0 c o tJ.1, o.tJ ,.,, o o I} o.o tJ.IJ o.n 11 o 11 o.t oo o.u o O n 0.4 o.o o.o O t I 00 l'f-3 11/3 0 O Q o.n 0-0 1/.Q ~ IJ n P-0 P.O 0.0 I O I 5.0 q_o ,S.0 5,,,.c,,_ - /Jr T,> ~= 1V>, -- -,,-,:, ,/,?~,.-~AA"'&"R Number Per Cont Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain DoubHul Total Certain DoubHul Total Certain lku>lful Total c.rtain Dooblful Total Certain DoubHul Tot.al Certain DoubHul Total Certain DoubHu Total Certain DoubHul Total 0 0 0 0.0 ru O.P I 0 I /QO o.Q IP.P 2 0 '.) k7 0. 0 IO 2 '3 5 118 11., ':i'l.'1 ~ (} 5' 1i5 0. 0 11-5 I I i //J.O /P.Q ')()_, 0 Cl C o. a O.p o., ti ?. 6 '.23.5 /J.i 3.f., J 0 '.1 IS.fl- 4.0 /5.t/ 0 I I o., /1,Q ID.P :2. 1 'f 1'.7 It.. 7 'JJ.11 I /} I H 0,0 .5. 'I .; 0 0 .1.) 0,0 O 0 ti 0 0 o.o o.o 0.0 0 I) 0 (/,O (/. 0 o. 0 () 0 0 o.o 0,0 00 ,1 0 (} ,),J o.a a.a 0 0 0 o.o (1,0 0-0 0 0 0 tJ.o J.O ,1.0 () 0 0 ,M fl,() ,1,() ,'; l ,) /J.P /l,/l rl.11 () 0 0 0.0 o.o o.o 0 0 0 (1,0 0.0 d.0 0 I) 0 11,n tJ.O ,1,() 1 tJ 3 :m tJ,/) 23./ 0 0 (} Po ,")/} 6,0 I {) I 81 at) 8.3 I () I ,S'.9 ao ,sq 0 0 () o.o t?.o o.o C 0 0 00 11,{J O-e (J 0 0 0.0 /),() o.o I () I 5.9 t?,p Sf 3 ;J 3 231 t?,IJ 2J.I (. /) l too /)/') 1,n.o q. 0 If 33.'3 ,1/J H~ '1 f) 1 11.8 /) /, /J.8 0 0 /} o.o o. p o.o 0 () 0 o.o P.p P. P I () I 8.3 !.{J i-3 I " I ,f.9 /1.t? S.'J 13 0 I 3 100.0 o.o /QO. 5' ';I IO b'OO 30.o JtJP. /0 ~ I~ 83.3 1, 7 //JO. /2 5' /7 70,? m lt!O. 127


=== Page 137 ===

,/A .,,. L::::>J./ ~£- ,,,.,,_,;,,,, ,.,_ Per Cent Number Per Cent Enluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tola\ Certain Doubtful Tola\ ~Balloon J I 3 It I J. t /1.7 I 0 I If. I M //./ 11-Astiuno,iical : 7 '3 St II. I 11.7 0 i ;z. 0.0 2.n .,,,2 2-Ancrlft 0 '2. '2 jr, //./ l/1./ 0 3 'i' o.P 3n 3:l,J H•&fll"""'°". r; ~ r, ().t ,..,, 41) (, I) () c.o 0.0 /uJ 4-Birds (l /) ~ 0.0 A, a,, r 0 17 OJ. nn t7 t S-Clouds. Dust. etc. I' r, /) \' c.~ JJ.J 0 0 (') O.P P.O O.t) 6-lnsuffic. Ink!. ,; r, 5 1:77.8 tr.O 271 0 () /l o.o {),/J -'·P 7-Psydlololical (] 0 (J 0.0 /J,01 f•/, 0 () 0 O.t! r,: ,,., 8-Udlno.., ii 0 tf n, (?,{) 1;/. I 0 I Ill t),p //,/ !1-0llle, I 0 I s., 00 (j '2 I) .z 17..J. tJ.O p, Total ,3 5 • 1a 7:;.2 27.9 /{}Q, 'I- 5 9 '11/.'J rr.t 1100. I A..4.v r; f,c I Number Per Cent Number PerCe,t ' Evaluation Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain lloublhl Tola\ [~Balloon I 0 I 7f.O /'If .,,.,, 0 C 0 t),O Ao ,u II-As-mica\ 0 0 1.0 ~-0 1/,I) C 0 0 O.P l.t {).() !2-Aircrafl I 0 I ;zS:t) /1.I) z-.p I (J I /QI 0 o.r. Vop.t ll·li&fll Phmom. ~ Ci () ().() t).() {),() 0 f) 0 /lf. r,/ M !4-Birds n I I C,O '2r.l :ZS:/. () 0 f) 111! tJ.o ti,() is-clouds. Dust, etc. (· r 0 ,,,, Pf! p,, () 0 Cl ""' ao /J.o l&-1nsuffi~ ~lo. (} t'J r, tJ,0 /.C P.O 0 ;j' 0 O.r. t2t7 o.n J1-Psycholo1ical r C /J.(l /l,h n.o () t? 0 1),1) tl.() Ml l&-unknoWIII I v I ;z,.o £',l I <IS,0 0 0 p /).O IJ.C! tl.O 19-0lller G r, 0 PO tl.O M 0 0 tJ I), t!J./J ao I Tolll 3 I II 1f.O 15.0 /()f. I () I 1111-0 oo /00· 5rPT,:,,_-u~;;, t"J.,. TA L:> -~ I Number Percent Nurrter Per Cent Evaluation Cer11in Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola\ Certain Do,mtful Total Certain Dooblfu\ Tola\ ~Balloon I t I t-7 0. Q (: I 0 J 53 M 5. 3 1-Asbonoancal .2 I 'l /1.3 t7 /1011., ( I 6 7(-3 5-3 3/.6 2-Aircraft I (' I n 0.0 6,i J; 0 Lf ~,., u it I 3-Li&htPhmom. C C n 0. 0 Q.0 {),0 0 () 0 0. 0 O.q 0.0 4-Buds I\ C r 0-0 o.o 0,() /) 0 I) o.o o.o ?.P ~ouds. Dusi. etc. r; C (J a,1 04 {).() 0 (} 0 /J,/ 0.0 {),(] 6-lnsuff,c.lnfo. ? I) ;l. /J. 3 /J.() IJ,3 0 () 0 o.o ,J,() l),t) 17-Psycholocical (', 0 " 1).0 (l,O /). 0 'i t'J 0 Q.~ IJ./) /),() 11-Unkno• ' 0 I, 14P. 0 /),,, 1/0.() g /] 8 11/:/t tJ.o 11,1. I ICJ.-Ottier ~ 0 2 13., 0 O /J,3 0 0 0 0.0 o. p tJ,() Tolll I "t I H '133 n No. /8 I If 'In J'. 3 !PO. 128 /4,/,,J c- Nu- Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total 0 p tJ Q 0 o. 0 /./) I I 2 /!,. 7 /6-7 :JJ.~ 0 I I /),(} /l,7 //.] () 0 0 0.0 ao 0~ 0 0 p tJ.t 1.0 /).I} r; (J tJ /J.(, p,(J /l./) q t? 0 /J.O ~,d I).() C 0 0 ti.ti 11.(J l<O 3 0 '.3 50.P t?.t? .J"/J.O 0 0 0 t?.t? /J.tl IJ./) 'I z ' ,, 7 33.3 /00, 1/1·L.Y Nuntier PerCenl ~ertain Doubtfu I Tola\ Certain Doubtful Tola\ 0 Q /l p 0 0-0 0.0 I 7 3 llt5 i.r.o 37 ~ I 0 I l/'l-5 0,/J /:?.! I) {) tJ o.o /),0 t),b 0 0 t1 u /,I) (1,r; r, 11 0 M P.o P,0 0 t? n M ao 11,0 0 J I 0,0 1/.).,5 f:J.,, 2 ,, ~ ir.o /)I) :is, I /) I /;z.!i tl.O /:J,S s '.3 9 h.J .J7,J /H. A/p,_,;,~-=-~,:, Nul!Der PerCenl Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola\ 0 I I o. Q f. 3 \j,.) 4 't 8 333 J:l.J ti., 2 0 ;z ,, 0. O 1/6'.7 () 0 () 0.0 ().O o.o 0 ;J t? IJ, f).() ao t? () ,, tin 0.0 ao I () I ?,3 t),() i.3 fl CJ p U.D /)_I) ,1.n 0 0 0 Q.g /Jn tJ,O /) (J () 0.0 '1.b /,() 7 5 1/2 S3.J 'f/7 JOI. Certain p n I (J q 0 ~ (l (l 0 3 Certin I fl I I /) 0 3 0 7 I /'I Certin I 2 3 I) (? C, I I I 0 'I l,?5/ A.o,,,,,/ Number Percent Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tola! /1 I) /,I) /).t /J.P (J d /?{) {),d /J,{) 0 I U..1 M s:J.3 0 0 /).(, t).p /).0 () () d.d II~ R.P 0 0 /J.O ()_t) /J/ C) ~ t.J.... 7 f'l() A#,7 /) (J IJ.P ()_I) IJ,tl ,1 0 0.D C'P ().I) i) ti P.b ~-P d.tJ 0 '.l /11.0 M /di. A,.,,eu_~ T Number PerCmt Doubtfu Tola! Certain Doubtful Total I :z t.2 6.:Z l.:Z,t/ 0 0 p,o t?.o P.t? 6 I t.':J. 4t? £. 2 I ,'.{ ,.2 (. 2 11..'I 0 0 a~ ao nb () p (2(, ().0 ,,,/) /) 3 lf.8 a11 IU 0 t) ().0 IJ,() P.o C) ? 1/J. 8 /) I) ii'J.~ 0 I £.') 0,/J 6,) :< /I, 97.! ;g /()1. ,,...,_ ---- Number Per Cent Doubtfu Tola! Certain Doubtful Total (J I IM /l,() l/o,n I 3 .),0,/) /1,t? 31),1) 0 3 $(),Q ao lrt,/l 0 0 (),() /J,() /),() 0 0 f)(\ /),;'} "(11 /) 0 t}j ,P,o /Jn 0 I 10,tl O.t /0,J 0 I /(},/} tJ,(J ltJ 0 " I IO.() ao IO.IJ tJ 0 O,o r,r, ID,O / I 0 9(),0 /0,D 110. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 138 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ! Evaluahon I l}e,110011 , .. l•Astn:inom1cat r- ~- 1 2-Aucrift /i-i.1stit Phenom. i••Bnds ~Clouds, Dus~ elc. 16-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-P,ydlololical 1-Unknotffl ~Other Tot~ ,--- I i Evaluation fl}B~loon It-Astronomic.al )2-Aircraft [l·L•Kf,I Pllenom. -.suds :S-Clouds, Oust, etc. 1 6-lnsufhc. Info. ~7-Psychologicat ·a.unknown \9-0l!ler I Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astronomical 2-Aimaft 3-LiptPtlenom. t-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 6-Jnsuffic.Jnfo. 7-Psyctlllocical &-UnknoYIIII 9-0111,i Total J:, ,vv,-, ff r Number Per Cent Certain ,Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful• Total I C I 77 o O' 7.7 3 ~ ~ ?.J I n, '-n a 0 0 O .o 0 0 O 0 fl 0 /'J C./' .(),/) O.I C [) C Ol MJ o.z C C' ,- tJ.() I?,/. I?, ~ 0 () r.i 0.{J M ,; ' :l. 1r4 t'.r /,'f 1 0 1 .' 5'. If /J,I) !5'f :1. I) ::z {5/J. O.(J If.I; /0 '.3 13 7'-1 'J.3. I Ito~. __ {/,,y Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certam Doublful Total fl ' /4 /J'I H h.7 :"t 2 /~ /7 -7 2 5 io l I I I /l ~ I n.'1 1:n U,r, .1 t1 '., 3.8 o.o 3.lf 0 0 C,() ().0 oo 1 ,· :t 1..5 aa 75 .; I rJ t 7., ,1.!) 7 t :1 r :: lo (), 0 #.JJ 10 iJ /(! r;.7 11 /) /?.7 (,, I 7 7.(,, /3 $.</ C3 /6 7 7 7n ;>o 3 /lJlj "5_,pr.,_ ~ ""•R Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain llout>tful Total 'I /0 /'f n. ii //3 10 7 17 fl '-' IJ.7 -9 27 Jt 7.3 ')l,g '2'1.J I ~ J o.8 J., i,'I I -:< .3 0 9 /. (. V/ 0 I I !'in o.g (/,fl II /') II @r, 11,J ?.'I I 0 I 08 t?.() 0.8 3/ 11/ 11 ']f.O /J /) ,s.o 6 I 7 1/.3 0. ½ J, 7tf S"!l /JI/ {f.7 1,.3 m rr.-- "'" Number Per Cent erlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I 0 I 5'f il,O /./ I 5 13 5 H 7 'l 4 ill B II g il 0 (' tf.(l .1.(l J Cl 0 o.o r}.I) r, 0 0 /)/ 0,P I 0 I j.' tJ.v tJ 0 ,; Jo /J.f! if 0 /./ :n 5 t1.u :z ,1 _J 118 I) r, 1/ '-f '3 /7 C'M /U ,Jv,,,,.. Numbe, PerCenl Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful '}/) ) 15' /1, .J. t; ')/ 13 H 1n Bil ·;;q II ,s ;n 7'1 I 0 I (). 7 ¢.0 f) D I} do no I) () 0 (\C "~ /7 I) 17 /J-5 tJ.() 4 ~ 'I 1.-7 0,0 -;..t I) -~ /7-~ /)J) S' I t. 3,/.f 0.7 //8 JO /'Ii 717 ~D 3 ,:'.'.?,.-r.~-~= Number Percent Certain Doimtful Total Certain Doubtf1j \ 'I 17, 1.r l'f.8 (,, fl I tf H /'3/ '< 9 I?. If., It, A 0 '2. 1 D 0 J.3 ( J '2. ,, /.' C I I C.IJ I r, 4 t, 4 '' ,1/J a 0 ~ 0.0 Jo II I) II /80 C!t? 'l I 3 .3. 3 /, (, 30 3/ ,1 lf{JJ. 5'0,B 129 M~a,,..u AP/?//_, Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,. r '3 I 'I /10 113 /7.3 '.3 2 -S' 3.7 7-* ~. I 19.'t I t1 I 'I ' u '13 11. 0 /'}. /'I. C p. Q 11/.t n, 1 ;,_ J !H B. 7 U7 /2 7 I'! /'f.6, f{ n, ;),p 0 0 t) QQ (J.O t!),l I () I n. O,P /. 1.. ao I r) I '/-1 tJ.O t{.j 2 I 3 1.,1.f I. '1 JC ()./, .? I I O.fJ 'f.J 1/,:J 0 () D Jtl r?.n t)T, s-. r I 0 I 'I-' (J,f 1/2, /Q 0 /Q in tJ.o l'J.2 JJ,t, t) I? 0 0/J P.t> /J,t'J I iJ I /, 2 If/) /.1 1J5'. I/ /) 4 174 C.CJ /7,4 29 0 1 9 'lf.4 .().O 3.5:I; //.f I s- t 't. 3 ')J,7 'U.O 1 () 1. ~/f /),(1 VI· /PP- I 'I ? '] 3 C.O.'f 3'!.J /0/. 1i /0 ti b7,8 /4,:I. /p(). Tu,:r Aue ><T Nunter Per Cent Number PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain O...blful Total /t.f 6f fP /0? I/. 9' 7.t; /f.'t 3 t 3C 72 //. 0 II 0 no i;,O S'/ ')5' ?t 9.5 Lf 7 /11.'l. '? R 22 co l/7 f 7 lfl4 :/3.C F5 (, (f /'ff 1,-'! //, 9 1.78 1./ fJ 31 7/ 11,3 'f.5' 'J.1.8 07 I/ Lf ;, 'l.J o. 7 l-8 s 5 /0 u /.' J,() 11~ ~ I /.f Q.(, 0 2 0-8 () t? 0 /)/) Ao A.I) IJ.IJ I I ~ u 0 '2 0-4 /) I I llll p, 3 (l.3 /1.5' 6/ () ti //, IJ ,11 If.I; "l/) t) 30 9. :I t'-t? 'f. < n f ' /3 1-5 0 ? H /J I '1 '2 5 0.3 'J.R /7.f II OP t? I Ofl 1/i.7 t).() If 7 CP £) 60 /'o 'I- tl.£1 l.f.tl If.I II ) ,-.. ?..J ~-1 ; 3 9 q 13 2 B n •I.O IP#- J?S /if; nt 73.7 ~C-3 /0, 226 /00 '3".lC ,n JP.7 ldR, A/~_, - /7,e,,..r" -~&.,L;;;:, Hunter Per Cent Number Percent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain O...btful Total /'f.7 ;z s 7 1/.0 IU /1/.;J ~ 2 ?. 0. p 'f.8 1/.B ).Jr .t; _, /0 /I. 0 /0.P ') D.O ' 5' II l/113 /1. 9 :/,.1.. /'l. 7 3 3 ' t.. 0 6'.? /J./1 I /P II ').I/ :/3.8 u.~ 3,3 :2.. I '3 q. 0 1. 0 ,.n I 0 I '1-'-I M .:1 '-1 3-'l. /') t? () M o.o 0,lJ /; /) /? OP ()O /J.v /.(, tJ z ":(_ o.g 4,t} ,If.,? /) 0 0 ti.d tJO IJ.IJ ,., if 0 Lj g 0 ac. f.o 1 CJ .3 1./ /J,IJ 7. / a. D I 0 I :i..o "·" j.Q (l {) 0 o.o ,:J,tJ Q_ D II. o I, tJ /o 10. 0 O,t) J(),t) II t) Ii U.'l t?.1/ ~(.2 'f. 'i t t? :l 4.n I),, i/.0 .3 /} ..3 7 ./ tJ,o 7,/ !OP. '3tf 1, S'o (P.O 1:lP /PO. ;!5 /7 1(-'7. H'i 90.5 JPQ,


=== Page 139 ===

EVlluahoa 4-Buds S-Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-tnsuffic. -.ro. 7-Psydl,~&icat Total Ec.e:. ,,1:-,,~ I Number PerCenl Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulllful 0-Bailoon I 0 I £1 I.A .f.1 I /) I-Astronomical 3 0 ~llf-9 t!./) r/5.f' 'l I( 2-Aircraft I I ~ .u .f,.., I/J.' I I J..Lichl Phenom. 0 t) () IJ./) IJ.0 /JO I IJ 4-Birds 0 I) /J t?.O t?.o ,1.0 I) /I Hlouds, Dus~ et~ 0 /1 /I IJ.() /J. /l /41,/l IJ /) 6-lnsuffic.ktfo. t/ (1 t/ Iv.a /)_I) 111) ~ t) 7-Psycholo&ical t) I) () /J./J I)/) /).{J d I &-Unknown I, () ' •1,J(, /),J 1/t. JI /J 9-0ther .J () J IS:B tl.d 16.9 'l /) I Total II I I? 9/1.3 1'. ~ IAA ':/17 6 Oit{L ~ t'U, 7 E J/!U t//Jr;fel/ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 4-Binls Hloods,Dllst,elt. 6-lnsullic.llllo. ~Psydlolopcal 9-0lher Total Evaluation 0.Balloon 1-Asbanoaical Z-Airuaft I-Birds Hloads,Dust,elt. ~Psydlolopcal Total &.c A£.L. 5i'G6:'.T/4!G 5 Cnoll .£1_ 1/i'TFIJJ.. Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Total Certain Dooblful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I :J.I t?O :J.1 ~ o. 7 L7 n11 II JU I/. I 1/1.5 1, t/ •:JIJ "1,1- f.9 .2 .?.9 2.i &~, ~ (J /l /),', (J,() I 2.f IJ./J :J.f I 11 I --7-, IJ b IJ 4n IJ,O /1.tJ IJ 11 ,j /1.IJ 11.0 0 Ml IJ<] 1).1) 0 ti () IJ.0 1)/1 2 .f'.(, /J,IJ .a 7 d 2 V.'I M I P.() ,:,_; 2.r 2 I 1 1/.~ "-7 ti '1A.( IJ.0 ,,,,( q /) 9 'ltJ.O ().I) 7 l?.i ,.,, 19.V '7 /1 'l ltf".r ().() 1, v.13 lt-7 Jpr}, Jlo 5 </,j !(l('l Ill 130 Number Total Certain Doubtfu t.7 ~ d <Al.< I. 11 /1/) ,J () .2-1 I) /] /J.() /1 0 Ii,() 11 I) 1/.'/ £. IJ /J. I d .,,,,, ~ t) I.S'S /j tJ I/JI, /'I /j PL,, •17 • Total Certain 1 I/~ ,:. "t(°~ t) ()_() 0 ao I) /JJJ I) l?_t) ~ -in /0 -~ II. fl 11 /1.IJ /7 IP/I Percent llmbtful M ,M 11./J /JJJ (),IJ A.IJ "!"' A /l "II /JO 11, IJ Total II.I 1,0 (),I) /J,P I?,/) 11./1 i-:tC~ .s:'I I/. 'I. ,?.I] •1ot1. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 140 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Edluation ~Bolloon I1-Astronoem:al 2-Aucraft 3-LiptPtlenom. 4·Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic. -.1,. 7-Psydlolo~cal g.- ~0- T~ Evaluahoa ~8'11oon l•Astnlnomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&f!IPflenom. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Ous~ et~ 6-lnsutric.lnfo. 7-Psycholotital S.Unknom 9-0ther I Total EvaluatNXI ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aimafl 3-Litntf'tlSIOII. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Ous~ et~ 6-lnsutric.•111. 7-Psycholo&ic:al 1-Unlaro• 9-0lher Total Certlin 1J 1 a 0 n 0 tJ. " Zf I J.1-1 Certain I 7 , 0 () 0 r, n 7 I I, Cerbin II /7 27 2 /) 0 /.J 0 /./) 7 /'lA S/GHT/11/ef,S s tGrY'.r 1/l(C £xeEt..t..cAl-r / 000/J f}f?,,lfTrtlL. /?t?c>R ,.,_ Per Cent Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cad Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulllful Tot~ p u ll'2 P.n t::i. 3 0 3 ,;:/ d.0 ;_ I I fl 5' 11 /IH J.1./ /1.7 I! ::z //) II. 7 2.1 /31.J 7 /,, 1u-.J ,,, . 2.f.~ 20 ' 19 JH ,. I. B],I ,;i. ff , ,, '1,f' .(f' Ji .. '" 2 ,, ., . 2 7 11.0 I t' f'J. ,A /f),, " ,;- JI ff),2 «.,; If 7 ,.., q .,,:. ts.fl '7.-'I 11 I 12 /) 12 "·' DD I, A n D IJ.0 D. f) /),/) 0 0 0 /),/) tJ,O /)./) 0 0 t) /),/) tH ,., . ,, 0 0 All .. f)" /) 0 00 t'.P f)f) 0 0 I) IJ.0 D,IJ l.o 0 I) I) P.O Ob /J.O p " 0 "f) 01, o.o /J I) fJ,f) n.tl ()I) () /) 0 17.() /)O 0.0 0 0 ,, /)./) 0 n /J,IJ p 0 ,, ,,,, ... IJ./J /) ,._ "' /J/J B, I I) I , ., /)/) / 7 ;,.., ,., 7,;- 20:1 19,IJ ,. ' l"I 0 '" 20.J t)f) .1.>.? 0 0 tM ao 11,IJ 0 {) 0 170 IJ.O /JI) 0 0 0 f)/) ,U) M 4 0 u- ,,. . ,.,. 5..J 0 .Z..I lf2..1 o.D l,,l,? IZ n /7_ 21.J /n 21)' '2:Z. 0 2.Z. /7,q n.o ,.,. ,. () ,, :>-1,3 IJ./J '2/,.J n I :1,f) /J.O Zf) I r II- 1.7 le I /,,fl 3 JI. 7 2,/J 7.2. s;1, 2 d .2. Z.7 11() .Z.7 , ,,,. 1J.1 /~ J 1/#A ,,J u SY 7.1.,9 27 I Jf)f) 97 il 1-7-:1 711Q 2U ff)/) 7/ JJ. 7S 9'1.7 .s-;3 /fJO, ,:;7r tfLL Sf<zt(T(/1/65 rn•ctt..£A/r 6000 /),,VlfT.h/L. /0,::,Jf Number Per Cent Nurmer Percent Nudter Per Cent Number Pe,Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oomtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain DoubHul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Tolal Certain Doobtlul Total " I .f'f A .... s-- I /, l;J..2 ;1../1 /,lll :z. :z. If ?.~ ?,u 6.8' J I 3 f,.'J .2,3 7.0 7 ('" IL, II I 27~ I~ r //( "'· 7 12,;;z. iLl,9 J{ IJ. 7 S.l. ._q ,:;, I 6 I, /;2 /LJ.I) I//,{) .;no I ,,_ ,. ' c-, 2,, 7 tJ 7 /7/ IJ./) 17. I '2 /J. 6 ?,JJ ,:_q ,, 3 L,. Cit 7 Q~ 7.f) JL,'J 0 0 M> 00 0,0 d p IJ OA /),0 d.() 7 I 3 1.11- I. 7 Jc I /J I) I) t') /) l'i;O "·" /) 0 ... c 01 on d I I no ~ J. ,LI () /) I) t),0 l'J/J 0.0 () 0 0 /), 0 0.0 tJ,J/ /) n IJ.O IJ.0 ,,,, 0 /J /) /)() nn /I~ /J n p J/.t) /)O 11/J t') I) () 11 t') ,:,.o "'" n I) ... n• ,,. () /) fJ J/.0 JJ.0 ~,/J 9 I) q lrs tf.O l.,.S ~ /J s 11,6 (!,/) /IL n /J l>A /J.O "" t') () 0 tin /),0 o,o I J ;;z. I 7 / 7 ?.IJ, () D /) 19 I) P,O IA /) ., .N.9 (l,O ,,.q 'I IJ q J..I, 'I P.D 71t1 '.l, () 2., IJ.3 I IJ,(/ u.1,/ " () II ~<::6 d.O 2;.. n I i:-c /)/) ~-~ II p " ,,/) (J.0 /),{) 2 0 2. :l'.it ()_() J,11 s D .!" ,,. 6 /J.f) II I, 3 ,, l'ifJ,J /6.1 /D(), 311 7 /fl lf:z,7 17.I //J/J 11-6 /2. s-1 7'f.1 ;z.0,1 "'· ]3 /0 IJ3 76-6 .2.J,l. IOO, EVALth?TfM REL /,?/!llL /Tf,/ ' £.rt'ct.t..€/IJT f?O. 0 LJov6'rr n /h,::,;e Number Percent Number Percent Nunter Per Cent Number PerCalt ODllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oool>tful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Ooobtlul Total // 2l. ,,7 •7 ,.,/J 77 ~ J;J.9 9.7 ,., Ii. 1 ,, ID 1:i.1 ~o 7.lf 15)11 ~'{ ;;1.1 S"I /7,J 7.1 /q,9 y 3, ,,,.., 'U,'1 ,~ .• /fl} S'O ,,,, J?'I I,, 3 '20 l. 10'1 :n JILi. JIJ,2 /J.8 /(?/) 2/L 2, J;.D 'I' I tT.IJ. /LS' u 1,/1 "I. 1.11 ,, ,, d, flu I '7L lh1 II q 7> , /J'J //ff) ;vi ,,, I ?,/7 71L 2'1 ., ,_ /,J 'I." 7./J. 17:,.. 0 2 /,2 /1.IJ J.2. 7 9: /<; A.q I 0 /.'I ,~ q ::u I i ,. l. .2,/J ~ 0 ., 1.7 ()./) 1,7 /J p 0.0 00 b.O iJ I s- /J.'f D. t o., 7 3 //J /J,C/ tl.lJ. 1,3 2 I 3 P., /),3 /. t7 ,, I) 0.0 DD An 'i' 10 J'l n I'? ? ~ l1 " 7 ,,,, //,IJ, O,'I 0 n r, 1),0 /)./) p,p /) lL 7_(' O.I> , ,.. .,, 0 ? ' ., l'I /) /) 2,-8 7q I) 74 IA.J n,o 11),3 ,{./ /) 'I 'J06 tJ.P ',.o./J 0 () b,f) /J/J ". , 0 2., "· 3 (!_/) P.3 Jf/' /J. ~· 7.7 P,,<, '711 ' .'! ' ...... I.I 3,/ 0 {,() UV /)O ?, ~ ;2.ll'/ I) 22'il 'k'i' b.t) ,H.K 17.0 I) M~ ,,.., o,n 1.:1. LL-, 0 JJ7 l1£q D.IJ ,,.,, I) 7 LI. 3 "" u.J "' ' ]7 j,'f nfl Jj,_ 7 ,., 7 '2.4 ,s 0,3 1R () /7_ /7_ /J /I II,/ a. I .35' /r,3 7t.s :2/,S' /1)0, !,7/ ?2/ 71:Z. 71.I .2.7,, tPo t;'a'1 2./ff 711 7/.i J.5:// /IJO. 'J,/:;2 ll'IJ. 27' 7/J, :2fl.lJ lt)P. 131


=== Page 141 ===

~rt~~~'.d=L=e-__~d~J~:z~--======--=-~'~'IIY~~t~r S/Glt'.C/416S _,,qy .:o c,t.17,,,N'G REL, ,9;f/L 1rY '£ A!S E/'ceLLEIVT S-Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic. Inti. 7-Psydlololical 9-0lhe< Total E VAL t/fi WMI Evaluation 0-Balloon !•Astronomical 2--Aircraft l-Liat,IPll1110m. 4-Birds Hloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 1-PsyctlololiCII 8-Unkno., 9-0lhe, I Total I - ,- GRtJt/~ ,~cJ? E//AL/..l,977CJAI S/6h'VJ//6.f £;,r('ELLe/1/T / &OCJl!J /21~,,drrPL I'?,,-,,(' ~- Numbef Per Cent Number PerCer,t Nunter Per Cent Number PerC8'1t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Domllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ?. I _g ,/J./) ,c;;p /",/., I, .5 // /I fl H 2/,/, ~ ,;/ //J i.l 5-_t/ 15.5 ~ /J /J /JO 0,/) l?.(J l-Astrono111ical ,., g // fS:/J ?!)./) /;5:/J //1 ,; /', 19.t ~R t?,1/ /CJ It ?I. 15.5 2//, '15/ I ?. ? /2./S ?5./) H,; 2•Aimah ?. /} 1, ltJ.t) AA J/).() 1 /J :J' .£9 /J,/J ,:;,9 9 4 If 1.f.t s;q /7./, J /J I /2.G /J.I) 12,5 3-Liat,IPhlllllffl. 0 /} 0 ,,,, /J/J All 2. I :J' ?I? ?, /J ,:; 9 0 2,, z ll,A 2.7 .1.7 0 0 n /Jn /J,IJ /J,O 4-Bilds /} / I #.o 5".f} ~(J I 2,, ? ?,(J n 5. 9 I 0 I I.El IJ.O ;q /J ti 0 AA /1/1 /20 ~~ Dus~ et~ 0 /} n An nn IJ. t) t1 n t1 1'1/J O.JJ IJ. 17 /J 0 /) /J 0 /J /J /J,JJ /J /) I} IJ./J /J 0 0,/7 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 0 0 /} /J,O /J,(J 0./l t CJ t, 1.1 n.n t' 9 l.f /J 1.5 /7. I, /J./J IJ'f./., Z,. ti z '2fi.(J /J/J f'S.IJ 7-Psychololical /7 CJ 17 /J,n /J. /} 0. 0 J /7 I 2,(J tJ.o ~-0 /J ti /) /J, !) jJ /) /) I. 0 CJ /'J 0.() 0.(J 0./l 8-Unkno• f /J r 1,:;tJ IJ./J 1<. (J q I? 9 111. /) I} 1'1.1.. ..! /} .f i/./ /J n t/.J I /) / 11.5 /J, /) 1/:t.!S 9-0ther jJ /J n nn /J.O o.n 'f I ✓ ~9 ?./J ~9 /J I. ,!. 17. I} fi'/ i'J I CJ I /2.!> /J./J /? &; Total 11/ /., 20 1t!/J J'O.n /l)(J. .J'? JI/ ,s/ 11.t, 11.,/ /1)/J. //2,. f.Z ?t/ 51..f t/.?.:t la>. /,, ~ f d,:_A 25:/J //1/J f/G lt0/116S Ert>ELLIEIVT 600~ ,r:?~v.t?TrPL /bCJ" - PerCEfll Number PerCenl Number Per Cent ;.Jnmtf Per Cent Evaluation Ceruin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,:;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~rtain Domllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain o ... 1>11u1 Total Cerlain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon /} /) (J /J.() n n n. n ✓ ;2, I. 1.'7 1~ I/,,:; # /7 ,; 5.2. ".JJ ,:;,2 .? I ✓ 1.t/ /I /1,5 l·Astrormical ~ 1 12. 25.IJ 1/5,A lll_O I ?.2. :2.J' 19 d?. 'J J/11,1. /'/ fl/ J'i 11.I :21 .1 WH // ,::,,✓ , t// /2, /,, 74.5" 14'1.f 2•A1mlft J /J I 5. {J !), 0 50 !, L II 9.£. l/.5 ') '·' 'T I ~ ?I /j //JU !, 5 /fl ,,_~ t;,,., ,1./,1 3-Liat,IPII-. ,7 /} t1 n,1 o.n ,,, n /) /) /) /)_A 19.0 /J.I, /) /7 (J ,,, ti /7.0 (J.O I} jJ 0 /J,O /J.n /J /) 4-Birds /) I I JJ.I) t;, (J ... 0 /) IJ 0 /J,0 0. (J /7.o 2,,. jJ z ?,,t; /J, /) fJ.t 0 I) n /7.0 17, I) /) /J ~Cl-Oust, et~ jJ I? /) /J.t, 00 no /J CJ /) ,?.(;J /)_IJ /J,0 /) /) 0 /J.O LJ.t) /) /J 0 Ll 0 ,?. 0 I?. LJ tfJ.CJ 6-lnsuffic.lllD. /) /J /) /J,I? /J,I? /J, /J ✓ 0 ,/ '1 'f /J n "".? /R 0 /K :t.N' tl. I? :2.V, // /) // /9,lf, ,7. /J 11.1.1, 7-Psydlolo&ical ,7 jJ /7 0.CJ /) /) 0,CJ t? t? (l IJ.£) /J, J) /},/. Cl CJ t1 /J,/) o.a P. CJ 3 £) f VI A.d ?.// 8-- r /J ,., 11,;_r, n.O "".tJ f< 0 ~ /!,t/ /J (J //;." I. () I, '1.f /) {J 'If /,/ /J j,/ Ii!../ /J./} /1,./ JOeO' / CJ / ,:;,; /J.A t;_/. t7 /7 d /J.O tl./J /J,n I /) I /. q O.tl /. .7 ✓ J) .u /IL /J/J .IL Total 12,. fl /J./7 1./J_/. u,✓,n //JO. ?Z 7/J 52, t/U /;1, 1 //),I). 5~ :2Z 11 111.I/ 11.t /0/J. 51 11, ~1 !,/f./, #,¢' I/OP. 132 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 142 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I tUt. Efh9t.L/,fTl{?A/ ff VGft7741G s IN -rMLL£ tU/ £ M1.///l 0@1 tJr «lftu: S/GHn/1/65 8'9' REL c,1.e n. 1 ry Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Asbononncal 3-Lif,tPhom- 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffit.lnfo. l·Psycholo&ical 8-Unkno;,,, 9-0ther I Total lj,fL f./ & V <?Ill ff (ldl/-C Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 4-Birds S-Clouds, ~st. etc. 6-lnsutfic.-.to. 7-Psycll>lo&ical Total 133


=== Page 143 ===

·-- £;,c,u.L€11/r , 6000 IJt:Jt/6' rrt/L ,C,:,o,e ftlmbel PerCl!fll Number Percent Number Percent Number Per Cent Enluabon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Gertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total ertain Doubltul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubttul Total ~0-Balloon 17 if 2.r f,() J.( JI.I IU il;; f '7 'i /1.P ,., Jt,g 7.1 fl JV f/7 7~ 11..s 3/J. 7:1. St. 7,{ S:/ /?.q ·J-Astn,oomical J,:J. • A r.2. ,r.D f,lf u,,i ·tit u I ?JJ IJJ.~ ~7 :J.3,D ffl u 1171 //,/ ~3 19.11 IH ;;-.3 99 IP.I. /?, -'-l<l ,. !2-~ucraft •• I~ _,, I 11,7 7.S 19,2 n 7? JU /1,.i /IJ,J, 11n /()'f 'I'! /ff( /:?) /I,).. '1.h.q ..,_,., 6'f '1.7 L > ,c-o 3-L•Rht Phenom. ? ,., .J.. ;?.1 I.D ,H f 1 lg /,;L I~ 1 1. /1,1. q .)..3 J.'l /,/ 2.'I , 0 ·" /,/ P.D /,} 4•Birds I) .,, ,J._ M o.9 0. 9 II ~ 8' l),S /J.~ n ,( ? 9 O,K tJ. ,, l.;1. :z I 3 d., P,"1. /J,,, 5--Clouds, Dust, etc. () () /J tJ.J) d.l tJ.P J_ .J 7 I)" "· 7 lO I ,z. 3 0/ ()3 l).JJ. 0 (} /) t),p /J,I 1,/J 6-lnsuffit. ~lo. ' t? f ,,., tl,P H.'l. ;J..7 /) :1..'7 _,u P.tl .U If/ t:7 fl I /fl.A IJ.0 ;/J,/J '1.3 I) f'l '1/,JJ /J,D 2/,ll. 7-Psydl>lo~cal p /) 0 I.P p,/) Ad 3 I .If /)_J;, ti I I)< ..,~ L 1..{ ?C If ( ?1 ;1 .2 ✓ LL ,:, /},,> ,;,_:, II-Unknown 7, L) 7/ ?3.3 M) J].3 11r () 1!3 ,U,Q tNJ 1.,J'i 10.3 0 IA? no /J,tl fl.fl 'H /) 7.2. u.t. At> Ill,£ 9-Qllle, II ,1 // £). All S:2. .3/ 7 3fJ .f-./ tJ 9 S/J ;;2.7 'I 3£ J,# I.I ac- Ii g> ~" ~., l,f t::, Total /17 .,u 1..1'1' 751/- ~/. 'Ill, ,,11; .1/3 7'5' 7/.? P./ 1/1)/J, l,.i;t ..U,2, '1111- £9.5 3PS' Ii~ U.:J. //3 ~n, 711,() ).6,() !/II). Evaluation 0-Balloon ,l•Astlonom1cal 4-Buds /S-Clouds. Oust, etc. !6--lnsuffic.lnfo. !1-PsychD~11cal 18-UnknoMI 9-0lller Tot~ Evaluahon Certain •0.Balloon :I-Astronom1cal 2•Aucraft i------------~--~+--=--+-'-'.......,f-'=-~l---.4-~l---=-l~-~~---'-+--'-+~-'+-,H-~-~-~'-+-~<-+~-+---+-~-~-- 3-L1ghl Phenom. [4:S~ S.Ctouds. Oust, etc. 6--tnsuffic.lnlo. 7-Psycholo&ical 8-UnklloNI 9-0lller Total Evaluabon 0.Balloon 1-Aslrol'IOllical 2-Ancr,H 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuflic. -.11. 7-Psydl>lo&ical 11-Unlolo• Total 134 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 144 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation !O.Balloon " l·Asln>lllmical !2-A1rtrlft I H•ihll'htnom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.-.ti. 7,PsydlJlolic.al I-Unknown ~"'" Totol ' Evaluation II-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lilhl Phtnom. 4-Bints ~louds, Dus~ ek 6-lnsuffit.lnfo. 7,Psychological 8-Unkno• 9-0ltier Total I r- Evaluation 1 0.Balloon l•Astronom1c.al 2-Aucraft I--- 3-L,;it Phenom. 4-Birds ~~ds,Oust.etc. 6-lnsuff1c.lnfo. 7-Psycholo11cal 8-UnknoMI 9--0ther Tot~ E//llL@Tltl/1/ ?¥ c21/JEt!r S/Gl(T/IV6S /?j( S/<;,1/T/N'G ,€'El./4t1/urv 6/ft?vl"s /:1S-t7 F ;-tELL E/f/r 0 t?i:?P /Jt1t1,;r ,c-t/t- P,:,cJ/4' lilmbef Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain DoubtftJI Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total '1 () '1 1).5 00 /J.S '] 0 3 7 9 0. 0 7.'f f I {, / I,. 7 3.J )O.( '1 '.3 n 11. 0 'f.J 17.i/ ] r 8 'f. If ,s.G 7S.0 'I if /3 ln,7 ,o.s 13+. i 4- '-I (J J.1. 3 /J.3 J{,.' '1 I tO t,. 0 I I/ I U-~ J I 3 (,,_). 3. I 1.3 6 if In 11$,Q ,o.S 126. l .s 0 5 "· 7 o.o ,, ., " 4- /3 13. 0 S8 I 8-8 0 0 0 0,0 0.0 0.0 0 0 0 0. D 0 0 0.0 0 I) D 0. 0 0.0 0.0 0 0 0 0. 0 o. 0 o.~ 0 0 n 00 () 0 o.o () {) n o.o fl. 0 0. 0 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.O fl 0 0 0. 0 0. 0 0,0 0 0 n fJ.O n 0 0 0 t) 0 n o 0 0.0 0.0 (! 0 0 Q.0 o.O o. ~ 0 0 0 0.0 0. 0 o.o Lf 0 LI /1.5 0 0 /J~ I 0 I 2., n 0 U, If 0 tJ /.1.~ o.O /J.:i IS 0 I 5 u. 7 o.o ]/. 7 {) () 0 0.0 o.o o.o {) 0 0 o.O o. 0 0.0 () 0 0 /l 0 o.o 0, 0 ~ () 2 'J.ff o. 0 1.9 I J 0 / 2 .17.5 0 0 n.s o/ 0 1 23.') 0. 0 1.3.7 ,\ 0 ! ".-, D.0 ,,,., IJ 0 I 3 1$.8 o.O 18.9 I () I .? I o. (\ 3.1 I I 2 :;.I:, l.L 5.;J I I l .1.J J.J r, ., 3 I 'f 4.J /.I/ Lil :16 (,, 32 80. W8 100. 2'/ '! 38 1,.1 J.:J.7 /00. ').'f 6 JO 90.0 20.0 JOO. (,,0 "I 6'! 87.0 IJ.0 100. .E//At.///l; itlJt/ - c;,ee7v~s /f/5/ £xt£lL£A/7 / 0t?t?£) !Jt?v.tl~rt/l ;:},9,:, /(' Numbef Per Cent Number Percent Nuntier Per Cent Numbef PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain lloobtful Total I 0 I 17 o. 0 1.1 Lf I 5 !l5 3. I JU, 2 J If ·H 'I.B 'I.G I 0 I 2 q 0.0 J. q 2 J £/ /~.If JS If ]0.8 I I) 4 14 31. 1 l].S 437 I 3 4 2./i 7.1 '/.'i 3 .5 g flf/ llf.7 ,: ,; 3 I 4 21. I 7. 7 ?0.8 t 0 (, 1'1.'f o. 0 I'?.~ ? J 5 IJ g 7. / //. 9 L./ :? (, 11.R H /7. 7 0 0 0 0. 0 0.0 o.o 0 0 0 0. 0 1.0 0.0 I I 2 7.'I J.lf 4-.SI (l 0 0 n. o o. 0 0.0 n 0 n 0. 0 o.o 0.0 O· I I 0. 0 ? / J, I 0 0 0 0.0 0.(l 0. 0 D 0 0 0.0 Q. 0 0. 0 n 0 0 o. 0 0 0 0. O 0 0 0 o.o o.o 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0 o.o o. n 0 o. 0 n. o n.o n. o 0 0 0 0.0 n.o o. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0, 0 B 0 g lf.P o.b 11.D 6 0 {, h.t. 0.0 /7.t 0 0 0 o.o o.o 0.0 0 0 0 0-0 o. 0 0, 0 I I ".l 'J,'I ')..'I 'I.IA 0 D 0 0,0 0.0 O. I 4 0 Lf 10.0 D,o 1/l.8 I, 0 ' i<?,q 0. 0 J'I</ /{ 0 /S 35.7 (). () H. 9 0 g 1H 0. 0 ?1.( 0 0 0 0. O 0 q o. 0 0 0 0 o. 0 0.1) 00 .:i 0 2 4-B 0,0 4.8 s 0 5 /4.7 0.0 /IJ.7 ! ,o 3 n 1,., 2J.1,1on. ')(, ' 32 'il.2 lf.'l IOP. J :i. /0 n. 7t.2 23.8 100. n 7 JLf 7f.lf JOG JOO. £ J'Ctt..L£IV7' G t?OO 0t?t/6'7'rv'L P,:,,:,e Number Per Cent Number Percent Nuntie, Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooulltfu Total Certain Doobtlul Total 10 7 /7 n $'.8 /'f.l 6S 37 101. IU ' If /7.(, H 5! 105 'I., '1. 0 Ji.< I 'I 18 37 ?./ 7. 7 IS'.8 IL/ t 10 //. 7 LO ,, 7 77 37 /1 'f /l3 t.u /'f.7 'i9 )£ fJ< IQ. 'f 'f . ., IS'.o 11 J2 'I 3 9.'1 1.lf I 'ii. 3 I IP I 1 19 /J.3 IO. Ji ]IJ./ lf..B (,6 I/ 3 'I //.7 1/,'f J J. I .H, 81 JI, 7 IS,) /lf.3 ]9.• '7 3 16 '+ 'f 9.R ' fl /£.t. 2 0 J I· 7 0.0 / 7 /,, R I q I. 0 I. 'f 1.1; /7 G I g 2. I I/ 3.1 ( 0 f ]./ (I. 0 1.1 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0.() 3 I 4 o., 0.1 .7 3 3 ~ 0 5 o., /.(I 2 I 3 o.q 0. If I 3 0 o. 0 0 0 o.n 6.0 1 .) 7 " 3 o.r I .l I ~ 3 0.2 0. 'f .(, 0 0 0 Q.0 Q.0 o. 0 3 0 3 2 5 0 0 J..,; I 'I 0 l'f 3 3 o.o 3. 3 11 0 71 !]J, o.o 11.s S'S () 55 :lJ.lf 0. 0 :n~ 0 () 0 0.0 0. 0 0.0 2 () 2 D. ] o.o o. 3 J7 'I- 1 I 1 0 0 7 3·7 ;: ? g :u, 0.9 3, 'f) 0 fl. 3S.O DO J(O /J"l.i 0 IS 'I ?,.r,, 0,0 U.t. (d 0 (,'f I 2.2 o.o 11.2 -.ig {) 38 /6,J o. 0 ,~.). 7 0 7 S-8 o.O 5.8 2S :i JO 'f.. 3 0 i S 2 I'! 2. 11 J.t; o. 'I 3.8 0 7 7 Q.0 3,0 J.o '1 'f )t 1:10 7 8. J in JOO. 'f 2/ I 5'/ 580 n, Jl.'f ,()0. m /7S .J66 llf./ 30,j 100. ft'/ ~6 n, 7/.'f 18./ /QO. 135


=== Page 145 ===

1'/l(lL.t: -fcLI /741 L. IT' Evatuahon '0-Balloon l!·.~~IDlll-.::::"'::_ 1 _.J_.U.._j_i.J.__j_jr.L_JLl:..Ll-,':...i:-1-LLJLμ!Lj_:,_L-IL..l'.~e&LJ....LL.c.l..1μ;;<"'1---7aLJ...£.L.jL.!..Jie..+=4.il.!.L,.ll,__,LJ-~'----I-.....LI-.J..J.'....J..~&..μ=Ll,t.;t,_,;>_j I 2.~·A:::."':::":::_ft_--'~Ll-'-L.j~i2..JfL~--"'..l'..+4'-14.J...,<cj.....L.:.L.j...lL.4-"-'"'1-JL,.L+,""'-'q...,n,,+""'-'-;+=4-,/,.L...J-..l<..f,~'.L!-t--LL+-....1L..J-..t..,t.....J-,(;.j...J-..%,..!,.q_.~4 3-Liaht Phenom. 4-Biids S-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psydlllo11cal 8-Uwown Total tfLt. StG tfTl/1/6 5 Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astrooomical 3-Utf,tPtlenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dust, etc. ,&-lnsuflic.lnto. 1 7-Psycholoeical 8-Unkno'MI 9-0ther I Total dll I E ,;,t:t=.'-L.£/1/r Gt?t?L7 ,(},,-, v6' 7 FOL ,,,;J-o"' I Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCml Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu I Total Certain Dollllful Total Certain Doobtlul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certan Doublfu Total Certain Dooblful Total 0-Balloon I tJ I /// /J.tJ /I I /J /J tJ l'l.tJ 17,/J ,1;; I tJ I %,/, /1,1 ?t;O '7 /J ,, !iiJ.IJ ~tl "'111 I-Astronomical .t tJ /. ??.~ ,?,-, '/-?? I /J I '?.I /J. tl '?.I tJ I I atJ 15:tJ 25"-0 0 tJ tJ IJ.tJ IJ.() ~" 2-Aircraft / I .z, //./ //./ ?? ,, /J /J 0 ,., ,, /ltJ /J,,, /J /J /J '?" ,, ,, .,,.,, Ci (l tJ /J.(J OtJ ao 3-LiatitPtltrlOIII. /J /J /} /J/1 tl./1 tl,J I /J I ?1 ,?,/J '7. I tJ /J 0 tl.tJ /J./1 tl.tJ tJ /J ,, >1p /1,, ,,.,, 4-Birds tJ /J tJ ,?/ /J(:l /J/1 /, /} CJ /) / /J /J tJ,tJ /J tJ /) ~.,, /) /) ,,,,, /J /? /J ,,,, /1/1 11_/1 5-Clouds, Dust. etc. () tJ /} ,?/J ,?/1 ,?/7 /J /J t? /) /, /?/J /1_.,, /J /J /J IJ./J /?/1 ,1,? /J /I /} /1_/J /1_ /1 /7.tJ 6-lnsuffic. ~lo. /J ,1 /) /J.11 /) /J 1/4!,:> I /J I fl ! ,'J_;J f1 tJ /) 0 /)(l /J rl ,,~ '7 () ?. '77.JJ /J/? 31J.O 17-Psycholo(ical tJ tJ /J /J_/J /J./J //_/1 /J /J tJ ,?.J; /7 /2 J?.I, /7 / I /1/, 25:tJ 25.t CJ /) tJ "'tl (J.tl //_il ~Unkno• f 0 .f ff.! ao !.U !, /J 5' f5c; /J. IJ f;; I tJ I 150 tl.tJ t!i,:, tJ /J 0 (}_/J /J./J (}_L7 '1-0lher I /J I Ill /J /} ti. I .3 /J ..! :t-U /J_ () 27.5 0 /J 0 (11_() (2/J tl-tJ tl tJ /J /J tJ /J.tJ tl. b Total ![ I 9 IR.1'9 //, I la? II tl // f{JCJ.1 tJ.IJ w. :z z d !,(Jt} ,o.o //'.)? d tJ d I'"'<() tJ.tJ /(l,:J. Evaluatioa 0-Balloon II-Astronomical 2-A1rc_.::,aftc.:..__-4__.y__."'-lf-J"--1-""-'4....lL'-"'+--"'-'4--'+--4~'4~Zf-_:μ_-'<.j...Jl..<q...-'-'.'-+-.....t.4-'-'.'-+-.f61.lJ-(L..£.,cμ.<£:-t---LL+-....lL+.JL+..<=+..<"'-"'....+-1LL"-I l-L1et,t PhfflOtl. 4-Bmts 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic. ~ID. 7-Psydll~&ical 1-Unkno• Total /tl CJ 136 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 146 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EV11uabon !ll-Bllloon l·ASIIDl'INIIICII 2•A1mlft l --~ jl-L1&fll Phenom. 4-Birds S-CloudS,. Oust. etc. ,6-lnsuff1t.klfa. 7-Psydlolofcal &-Unkno.. !1-0llle< Total Evaluation :!)..Balloon 1-Astronomu:al !2-Aircraft il·LIPIPhenom. 14-Buds iS-Clouds. Oust. etc. S.lnsuffic.lnfo. ]7-Psycholo,:ical !&,.unknown '-Other Toto! ' i Evaluahon 0-Batloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LightPhS'IOCI. 4-Buds !t-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsutf,c.lnfo. /7-Psytholoeical &-un1uw>.. ICJ.-Ottie, Total Evaluation ().Balloon :1-AstruT1011111:al 2-Aucratt 4-Buds S-Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-lnsuff1c. -.11>. 7-Psyth>lo&ical Total [7!.i_Li![_ ft} 7,,ULE EI/AL.1/AT/OAI ff /lt.L. r,M1.e /152. £,fc'ELL="- Number Percent Number Certlin Doobtful Total Certain Ooubtful Total Ce1tain _,1u1 Cl /} tJ /},I. /J. tJ i?,t 2. I t, 5 5 Iii 17.1 2?5 .z 'JI. /J tJ (J /7 /, "/ ~,, tJ .! t: tl /) t7.() /J.t /J_J> 11 IJ I] I I CJ.ti 5.9 J,.9 /1 tJ 0 I) /J 11.JJ /J.IJ ll.ll /7 /J 17 /) I) /7.IJ /J.n 11.IJ ,; 17 I} /J I) rJ.n IJ.O 11.{l tJ tJ C. 0 ~ 1,;_; IJ.IJ <?~5 ?, 0 ,;- 0 5 211.i/ /}/} ?'N' JJ /} ;J ;/ /~ '1L ~ . :> 2.J.5 luv> /{J ?tJ Ass E ///IL.(& O{MI GRCJul"s S/Gf(77/V6S M11..1r,,9,ey- , /4,?,::?0 PerCmt Nullmer Total Certain Ooobllul Total Certain Ooubtful 5 .<() 5'.5 'f.5 4 t} fi 5".tl £5.() 7/J.O 2'I $/ 3 ,, /} '16 ,fl; 2. ,. tJ tl.tJ /1/) IJ.O I) /J IJ /j_/J 17./J /J.O tl 0 {l 17.tl /J.1) I] t) JJ /J 4 lt?.tl o.o /0.t 4 t7 /J 17.tl ,J.O 0.0 /J JJ 1, 5.0 (l.(l C /J f /} Cl tJ.(i 0. fl 0./l t, /) @ 25.tl 15:o //l(J, I/,; :?'1 137 ~ - L /?,,-, ~"" Per Cent Number· Per Ce,! Total Certain Ooubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain IJCllbtful Total (I 4f tJ.O .(f I (J I .f-.3 /J.tJ .13 5fi 2/.f 3'1.1( ~:'./ .! Ii ti 1()./l l,JJ./J 1/J/) g 2.<I 1,3 '1 '1 j J'J 5 IP-tl /} /) 1/Ul 0 /)_IJ t7.tJ /}.fl 0 tJ IJ tJ./J 0.0 0.0 0 ,7.JJ /J.tl 17.0 /J /) /J /1 JJ 17. JJ 4/J tl /J.t) ~n /JA /) I] 0 17.IJ 17.tl IU I/ J,,1? /J /} 11.9 /1 /) (J /1.P /J./J /J.(J JJ /}_t) /)./) ~n /J 0 tJ IJ.t) /J./J tl.t:, 1 /1.0 0.tl //. tl s /J :, lt.1 (l.(J //, 1 2- £.ti AA ?JI /J /J JJ n,: t7.(J /J./1 ~~ 51.? '(§./ //J/7 11. I ff .f{J 4ftJ.(J !f/J.CJ /Oil.


=== Page 147 ===

-l'ELt.4/Ju,.1r// GRtJd;"'S M/Ur,,'9,ey C~se,en££S ~---~-- --------- i EJ'Ct=t..t.. E/t,T Gooo Evaluation 0-Balloon --t-_,2__-l-~+----=---J-L:Z---ji-"'..lL-i-'"-.Ljl-.L.J--"'-l---'----l'--="--='+----"''--"-1---"""'-f-':+--'----+-'-',,-¼-=4-""""0<--i'=~--'+-----'-+-=+✓ 'c'+_,_,-'-t-'-"'-=--f 1-Aslruno::::••=ca:...I--------11-.lLl-__:!_μ~μ_p-+LEc~=...q_..!/,4_jy.JJ4=~=1Lf="--1-_L.+---'4-1.~=4---"'-'Lf-'~"-1---_,.,+_u.+--=.-¥-i,__,;+=z+="i ,1:..:.·•:..."'::::":::._"_-1_.lLJ_.tL.jC---'4.£..c'C..j...lL,.-'4..£."'-J--""-+_:,'---+---"'-+,..lt.,l.f-l:.Z...,"-+"""4-"'+--'+....:z.+=:.+-,'L/-+=+-~+---=+-=t.LC=+-"'-'"-¥=-<-1 3-L•&lit"""'°". 4-Buds 5-Clouds, Ousl etc. 6-lnsuffic. ~ro. 7-Psydl>lofcal &-Unknown Total ;:-,r~c~.:.. c,1;r 0000 Ooul!rFvt.. Poo_,, I Number Per Cent Number POfCOII Nurrtier Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain; Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobl~I Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oouhtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total '0-Balloon I /J I s.9 !?.ll ~9 ~ /J .t, L.f /) r, t..9 ? ,<I 1.J' 11.< 5,/ //../.. '7 I f //.5 it ff/ I-Astronomical I j I/ 5.9 17£ ns //) 2. /.Z,· :;,,(,; d-. 9 41.FI f i' // ?.f IIJ. ? NJ. ½ 1? /tJ IJ I .?..? 1.:.4' l•Aimaft ✓ / ,:; ?1,§ .c.f 2~-" d I ;, d,S ?.5 11.J' /7 5 c2Z 2/f 1..t/ ?R:1. /0 Cl //) /LA £it? /~.'7 J-L1ptPtleriom. /) 0 /J tl.cJ /) /) dtJ /) /) /) /J/) /J./} /) ?' /} /) /J /J/) ,7./) /)./) 61 tJ ?' O./) tl.t? /J. /) ! ◄ -Birds /} /J IJ -7.t /J.t) /) /J /) . /2 .0 /}/; tl.t? /}/J /) tl t) /J.IJ /J/J /).I) tl /) tJ IJ.t? O.tl dtJ S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. /J ,,,,1 /) /J. /) tJ.cJ /),I) /) /} /J ,1t? /)_/) {J.{J /J /) /} /J.tJ /) /J at? t) /} tJ /J tJ c?.t} ()./) ;6-lnsuffic.lnlo. ?i /JI ? d.t !?.cJ 11.t /} iJ t) /JI} /JO /)/J ,;~ ?' ~.J 1'i.5 I? /J '7th: /7 ll 17 1179 /J.IJ ~7.j (7-Psyct.>log,cal v' ! ol /) 0.0 /J./l /J./J /} t) tJ tJ.t) /J/J ,1/J /J ,, o a tJ tJ.O tl.t) 4 /J 4 £.(, /J. /J I,,/. 18-UnknoMI ✓ CJ r/ JH (?.() 125.5 ? I? p ?/.0 /)() fl./J ,f t) 1 9./J ()I) ¥.P // /} ti /J'.I) tl. t? /~/} 9-0ther (? 17 I /} 17.t) /~/) ti(? I 0 / .J.5 lhJ ~,; I I 1. ,.S t...! 21., / £l / It //17 /.,t Total /j' 4 I '7 :rt.5 iJ.5./Ptl. 1'-/, .J' 1.9 ff.(, /~/ /t)tJ. JtJ Ii 'fff .ti.~ 2.f.l /PP. 5r ? LI fs.l 4'1 //),,_ i'Et.1/ltJ1,1rY 1 Evaluation Certain 0-Balloon l-Astmnom1cal 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnto. 7-Psycholoeical &,-Unknown 9-0ther Toti! J I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astmnomic:al 2-Aircrlft l-L1p1 Ptlenom. 4-Bllds ~Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-lnsuff1c. Mit. 7-Psydl>lo~cal 8-l)!known "°"'" Total 1, 138 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 148 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i l Evaluahon 'o.e.,uoon -----1---"'-+-~'--+=-l-"=+'=---+"=+--=+-"'+--+"""'-+-~+-,=-~-=--~-+-f-L"'>Yf--L~--l-'-"-l-~l--'--'C--f_,_,_<=-,f---L=+==--t 1-Astronom::::.'.=".:__I--jl----''"---f--"-+--'-.Z--lf-.Lc:Y_,,,,1-f-L"'~f---"'-"-+-"".«...Ji--""---+.L.LLf-__,,t_._-"---tq,..,'-+='--t--"'---+-='---t'<A-4-="-!"='--1-..u_+_.,'+-""',+'.;,.,,+=4uw"---t .iz.Ancr"1 l~;;,·-p,-.,,-.-_ --1-"'-''-!--'-'=--l-'-Ll-""""-l-=~=-.L<'----l--...... '-+,,,_,,'--+.,,,,.,,<+-.,,.__.'-+'_,,,_,'-l-,_,,_-+-=-+'=+--=-r=,-,.----+-....,__+-~+---+-=-t-='-f 4•Bmls IS-Clouds. Oust, etc. j6-lnsuff1c.klfo. 7-Psyctmloaic:al 11-Unkno• ~Other I •-----t----+---+--+---t--+--+--+--,--t--t---,c---t--t---,--t----1c---t---,~-1--,-+--,--::,,-f--,i----,t----1 Total ,-- Evaluahon ·0-ea11oon I-Astronomical l·LifhtPllenom. 4-811ds !&-1nsuff1c.lnfo. 7-Psychological '-Other ' Totll 139


=== Page 149 ===

/J6t2 ALL t/.c,,,< 11//7 /9.1/&' 1,11,,..,.,,., /ht.,,,, Miu"£. ;J,,fl.,, J/,;,,,,-,, tlRIE~n /.,,,me- ""' b. ,,,. wt;, Llu1rE vs 2',(2 fl{ 2.!.? .J/s- 22-tl J/J,cr,Q; L ,,' 5'1''1 17. Z 2✓ 2,:J.5 .5'6 17. (, f't1 ,.,,,. ,,,,r ',r;9TE/J .1/J't, ;,i'.(,, ?/'J ,Z,s.6 ?I 15. I /],,,, ,.,, E "Lbtt:l:v/A,{', a,.,,." ,en ?J' I, 51 21 1/l. 2, 1£11 A,> /;L/JJ,,,A,/. .io 255' 0 1 (,tl ;,/ 1,f /4PE.- ~,. f?.t.,1,~1,i,,: G,('EEIV 22,; -7-0 I a 9 /6 '( J' l,,.Hr/4~vw !1mA,e f'7T 1/,,,,.k Al .2.19 £..t 5 4. J' 1✓ L.11 VE .t = ,,, r.°, ,,.,, .,, 1/c A. 'l/?t L.5° Ji' L.11 1Z, ,:;-_P ;f,VE Oi' (7LOW., • .t/,_I/E 11/t;" 4.5 4 .J'. 41' &" .?- , lf'L_,,t!,., ,,,,. 6.t.o,..,,,,,c, A~dt:K I, '1 2.f ;/ ?.4 ''/' S'¢' /,;CN'T 6. ~- • _/,.pfr,::"~"''h·f::..,,_ i.J' {l.,/ 17 tl. () ,;_ /.tl Ii.,,~£ r ,,,;R GL.,..,, ..,,,- l ✓ o-.Lr-T ff tl..5' tJ tl. tl tl t?.tl /4 0/JJ IV'- JC, na t 17..J /J tl. tl 17 t20 IOT"'L 1201 10a 111 !t?O. 2/)5 1/l/J. 'I/J/ rr S/G#Tl/1/6 /Ju VEA,U /l/d7 ;t?, '~ A,.,~A<J' IALu: . l~,d',,,., ., t2-et1& 11.1.,•-e /,., /4"-" .~. I.I. -c !./CJ //1 f 21 27 ff 2? 17.t? Mec~n L •/ 1/22 /(,.§" 2.:2,, 22.1 .?tJ ;ff, lt'/J£M A,OT S',MCA J'2;, /2.7 2.2- 22.'1 23 15'.tl /),7.v~/4r ;_,L ULO,- · ,,,, l'),,,,All',e 253 ti, 'i ..? ..?.I /6 /(}.~ htJ o,e ;:;L_ ,.,,_ R'c" :?tJJ' 'f.t/ ✓ LI_ I q ;:,-q /:..,rr., /J;! GLOW/Jl,r. /,,££A,, /'TK ,:._9 I J.t) 1:, t;f , ,, ,,. (';, ., <i7,o,, -- l'. .• /7K '( tl ;' I/ I it? t,,5" ti: -- .,.,, {,LA ;lb/. !?,.,_ 1 ff!i 7. 2,. 7 7 2, /(? t,.!> l&ve ,,,,, f?Ln "·" //LL.It 1.21 4. 7 ,j' di L 7.9 /JL,Qt',r ,,,, /2.t.n, ,.,, f?,11a 59 .J'.3 ✓ ,I./ 6 ?.t/ L6NT ✓,;," /4_.,,,,,,,,.,.,F I!,,"' /0 o.d tl 1717 ?. /,3 Jn/1J..~ r /UJ c~n,., AJ6 //,,,.(.,{:/ ., 17 J' (J tl.0 0 tl.tl I: L.OU/111//2 ;;,,n,, t, tl. t, /J Ll.O 0 17.0 7.~,,, 2554 ;a? f'?' /tlO. /;,.J lcltJ. //,.,. (~,.,, t'I,,, ;Q,(lf' ,,. 1"2 t',-,. a. f.e,i, :w,,~A& lhl't /. J, ·,~ - ;J,P r,J.Fl,. A, h/111.rE 'o/'/ .23.5 ~z 27.% 2:> /7.=, fv/ETAL. ,a 7-rl) ,:17 :?-0 ?5:5 '79 2(). .? l.1 nll? .. ,..,_ S-r,AT.eA 271 12.s- ;f? 2..2t ,2_( ;✓ -7 /J,,, .. r- ,,,, C. ~· •,/. /7,,...,,,,LE '721 1tl. /) .? ..?.i /I, II. 2, 1,.¾,1 ,,,I) /,. - ;N/.. .f'Et> ;'/'9 !< I .J' '.l t f 5.t ,,:,,,eEAI p,e GLoun/116 G~F£111 11/ ✓ i..6 tl t?.O ;2.,, 51.d L1L,lfr bLO;v /'nLO-' . .nr K,i,; ... 1-.2. ,t,_'7 ¢ 5j 10 7, tJ ~uo.,,,.,, Pl' r;£AW/N6 Vcuo~ /5 9 '1. 2, 3 .?1 9 /., '? /4.v£ o,e 61.PLV,-;r,,t::.. &ve: f? ,I z z 2-5 ~ ?.5 .J': nh., n,P f?i.OL.v//ld~ ~AL!r ,, '/ :J. (, 4' 5/ /. dZ J ,£ur GLOW fmA£T£,,,_.,tN,4T,; (p,,. 7 t1. .3 tJ O.tl 2,- /.4 ll, ✓lL£r OL ,-;LO;,, A,,6 //,.,, &r ,, 0.?. 0 0/J /) 0/J CLI'?,. A~ r.RAV ~ {J.Z, 0 ().0 0 0. 0 7".?-09£ 1.f 9 9 ;,J(J. :f P /tJO. 1,-/q /a;:! 140 111'? ! Al,11A,f£. lid'£,., f// 2.!S" t,tl 15.Z J'f 9.9. 2ft ,t, / .J':7 f..1/ ,r,tj IIZ /9 ✓. fl '7.!. <% :2./ 6":J' ff 2.tl ~ /.s 0 tJ.t? I t?. J' J?!i' ;tJtl. /4dQ 'Af.nuhA :l.!,t",a,- 57' .24.fZ- ..?7 /5.7 2? /1.tl 1R '/.? '7j' (j_ 7 :?£ 11.0 1.1' !,.!, /{, £.S' II ~7 6 ;}.!, t)_ /J.i' /J l?.tl I /J.t/ 2.?i, lt'O /9~9 1"2&,., 4'.? 23'.I _?;,/ /J?.J' d /Ll. Z, /_'j g I 19 ;tJ. ;2, 21 j/.J' /.Z. f,,5 /.2,. (,,5: s- ::1.7 5 2-7 £1 /J.O (l 0 tl I 0.5" /Rt, /tlO 1?517 /'1,;-1 1/1,,,,,,te, /J,et,-- Al ,:J. /,-. 12- 2.5'.!i' .?.f' .flf'.&' fi'I 2(,5 26 /(,,3 6/ 19? '7-<C' /5.6 7 2-J' 17 ltl6 :27 s. J' It? ,:,. J' /.? .t/..2- 7 -{/{I' I!, ¢.P x' 5.tl f :1 9 II L.9 /I ~I, g 5:P 6 .2.tl /4 ..?ff /) /J.O I /J. 6. -7 /.tl I /26 I t'l.2 2,, /-2 ?1'L /£)(,J IL/J ////} /~ '5"0 /!15/ Al.w§E, 1g,i1,,., !//J,.u4e, JilL('e" G"tl ~.f'.9 ~? .24. I f'tl /9, I 2.S- lfi'.Z 42.,, -:J/J_ I 23 /t.! I, 2.f ;,/ 1t:1.:Z. 21 /0. tl t; ✓.// /tl ✓ ¥' 7 5./ II 1>..? 7 S./ t; ✓ -..? ft' 5.% // 6-.? ff' sx i, '/_ti d ?.'1 0 JJ. tl I 0, 7 ;J; I. CJ / /J '1' I ,?.&; 0 0.0 209 /tltJ. /..?'7 //,lt7. l?.s-o JI/!,/ JJ,,~,J,& 14,.17,.,., IAlw.... ,., t.~&, ✓ 41' 2t.o 2'7 ??..J J'6 ,:?/. j' 22 IR.2- JI /K'...J' 22, /.!?Z, 5" :zo /2,. 9. ? /&, ~.,... I, 5.t? g 47 '7' SJ' f' ✓. '/ !, 4. / J{ ¢. 7 7 5:3' t g_ I, 7 ,;-,K' s .?.O d .?..3' /} ao I /J. .!? / /J. /4 I LU' I /J. /4 0 ,t?.O //.9 1tJO Iii /tlO. /1~;!., Al.,••,,, ~.;<'EM ¢~,t, :?fl. L ;'22., /5. ~ 25.t? /.:2,f/ 221' // tl /51{ 7f /2,t/ L.I 15,! 7. i' /45 7,t ,:;,:, ✓~ ,?I, /. [{ 5 ,O..J' / //. ,z ,;, 02, '70/K' /£)0, ;,;5:2., A/,-•E, 1-4,el'@ 41'7 .2¢.2, 26&'" 1s.t. lf'f //.0 196 //.✓ ;;/o f; 1/i. L. 7 1-"i'.J' ~'1' /35 1' ,If J?Z .1' ,r J'j' /.9' !, /J,g d /2 2., ✓ O:Z. /'IV /tltl /95,z_ /)/,,-,A,A ,IJ,,lb,.,, .J'5(. 2.?. 7 ,2.✓ ,f' 1£.5 I.ti? /tl.;7 ;7/J //. .f 127 1(5 ~/.. ,U/ /If '7.~ /Lt? J?. tJ d'. // .,- f.f 2,2.. d /JS _J' IJ. 2, .J' ,:J. z /£0/ /tlO, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 150 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evahaahon 4-Birds ► Clouds, Dusl etc 6-lnsuffic. ritl. 7-Psydmloiical 9-0ther Total Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 3-Llehl Phmom. !4-Birds 6--/nsuffic.lnfo. !7-Psycholo11cal IS.Unknown 9-0tne, Total ! : Evaluation io.s~loon !t-Astronom1cal i2-Aircraft r-· ,l•L1fhl PhflllOtn. 14-Birds )5-Clouds., Dust. etc. l6-lnsuH1c. -.111. ;7-Psychological ls.unkno• i~ther I I Totll Evaluabon !O-BallOOfl 0- ;J-Astronoftntal 2-Aircraft 3-Lio,I PhfflOII. 4-Bnds S..Oouds, Oust. !le. 6--lnsuflic. ._.,_ 7-PsydmloJical 8-Unkno• t-Ol,e, Total EJ//tLWu /.?r A.t.L. SIG/z'V4(6S' Eae tf.t.L f(E,£,<'.s .?.:: Cle, ),'£-.,.,w M t:uw1Nr; y..,-,.,.,w /3J vF oR /.'.uw1N6' f;i;.vr /3:,.c,,,. <?Ii' Ct.ow,,,.,,; BLAcK 1 /MfT &~W JNt>.rT,RMI/Y~TFf?.,,_,,,. Number Percent Number PerCOll Nunter Per Cent Num~r Per Cent Certain Doobtfu I Total Certain lloublfll I Total Certain Doimlflll Total Certain Dooblflll Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublflll Total Certain Doublfll Total Certain Dooblflll Total II 'i "J.7 "·' r,_3 ,_q 5 I I, ~..l Al 1·3 s 7 1, A.~ r,.:i A.4 I t) I t).J o.l r,. I J't :t I uO I~ "· 7 J.'i ,1.~ J..~ ,3 ,,1, ().J :l.3 I ::l 3 O.J /1/ /J.2. 0 5 .s 1).0 b.~ #,1 :U /'] L).2. e).'i o.s 13 JO ltJ ~o I.!, "-' IU I 2. sr ~D A,4 11.1 A.b 3 I 4 IJ.I 11. I t}.Z '1 ~ CJ t).3. 0.1 /,3 I n I ,., ().0 0,/ ~ I) n /J.D ,.o o.o I I 2 IJ./ /}./ 0,2 I 2. 3 t,. I 0./ /J.::t () D 0 b.lJ D,O b,O n I I 0./J 0.1 "·' 0 I) /) IJ.O I.O 1.0 I) I IM iM o., D 3 J ,., 0,1 1,,/ n 3 3 0./J "·' "·' " n () I./) IJ.D IJ.D /(, () lb M (),0 JI' 4, () ,4, Q,1 IJ,0 ,,. I II I) 1D .,,,3 /J.D 4.3 I) 0 t> /).() A.O /JO ,. I) :J. "·' /J.o /J. I -2- 0 2. ,, IJ.O /J./ 4 0 4 /)./ IJ.b /J.I I) 0 () /)..f) 11.D IJ.D 4-J l •1-3- ,., t>.D ,,. 34 0 34 /./ O,IJ /. I /2 0 /:I. 4t4 I)./) 4.4 I D I 1.t /J.D 0./ 5 t:, S' I).~ D.O /J.J 'l, n '2. I.I IJ./J I.I "Z t> 2 /J,/ l}.D "·' p n 0 II /J /).() (}.I) /5 6 .,...~ ~,, 4.'j 1.J, i,.J 1/JL 3'! l'fS 3.~ I.~ 4.6 41, ::l/ ,1 /IL t).7 ~-' " 1 /3 /).;I, ~-' 1),4- Vtour OR c,_OW/NG V1t>.L,!'T b;..;JW//VC /. o. ... y Ill- Per Cent Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Number PerCOll Cert•• Doublflll Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~eitain lloubttut Total Certain Doublflll Total Certain IJoubtful Total Certaill Dou!Jtlul Totll /) I I IJ.() /),/ "·' I /J I /J, I /).() "·' I 0 I D.I O.Oi 4,/ /J I I Ar, /)./ "· I 3 I 4 ,., "·' IJ.:l I D I b.l IJ.t. "·' () 0 ,., IJ.O t,,D I) ll II I I "'" /J,I II I I) I I fl.O A.Di ,.o I) () 0 l,l'J A.{J IJ.b " () t, All /J,l>i ll.l /I . /) 0 o., /J.IJ Ar, 0 n " /J.fJ /J ,,, I),£ D n 0 r, I A.II l},f, 0 0 0 II.I .0.61 /1/1 II t) f) /II /J /I 0,fJ I /) I "·' /J.b IJ.I 4 I) ,4. /J.I /J /l ,. I IJ ,, " d.:J O.tJ ,'IA 0 n () /1,, IJ.t. JI ll .s 3 ,. ,.~ 0.1 /J.3 I, l X' b:;J n.l 113 141


=== Page 151 ===

(!,t),:. 'L5 #,=,e,c;,e7£,1 7PrA Wh'/TF ,,,;;, /;"~ >W/NG Wu/J"T rt>mber Per Cent Number Per Cent E'llluation CtllJin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doublful Tolal Certain lloul>tful Total o..e,uoon 2.:l'I IS-/ 37f 'H S.'l /11,I ti j'"p /I/ .2.a l. I 1/,S 1-Astsormical 1i:3 ;z:,-, .13'1 IS-.0 ;M ;.s:p 1] £7 /ltJ ',l, .J.,6 t,2. 2-Ancraft ~'12. ;LJ.r s-.n //,JI. 9,;L 'JtJ.6 Jl.'l ,a /PJ I '! J., I JI,,(} J.L•lht P'tlenom. 3.L 2/ .rJ /,J t'.'J .Z../ 3 j" I/ t1,/ /.J Ml 4-Birds /3 /{7 ;2,! a, P.lf P.Y II ;z. I (1,).. CJ.I ,:;i3 ~Clouds, Dus~ •I~ 3 7 //) 0.1 e,3 ~II I ::{ II tJ.J t?.J I), :z ~Jnsuffi~ ~lo. ?£/ t) l.:L.// ia;.. P.O ldi ,JJ () S"h .2.,/ 1),0 Z.I 7-i'sydllloaical 36 r #) /,I- tJ.1/- J.5' 'I ;J_ 10 t),3 M /).II ........ 1117 () J;.f7 Jf.S tJ.o lf.S /?/ /) /.JI S:I P.O S:I 9-0lller '/). ;u,r ;;w 3. 6 /,/ 11:7 /'j I ~ P. 7 /),/ rn i Total /~J7 717 J.sr+ 71.9 H.1 lt't?. /I),} /!7 11/J lt.t 7,..3 123.'l /),:,,J.v~r /10 6 '/1LV/UC/J/?A.V~L, f?EI? t'R /A,AH,Vt: g.= I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Ooobtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtlul Tolal Certain Doubtful Total JI.Balloon 16 /{) ;26 a6 P.1/ /,/) /3 IP ;z3 as t?.11 M 1-AsbarlDllital /b'J ~'( D6' l.l /. I 2..7 so ,,:Z/ 7/ 2.b t?.'I 2,1 2-Airtraft ;z; ::Z6 ll'l ~'I /,0 /,9 23 17 ~ /),9 0,7 1.6 Hi&JIIPh"""'. Jp t) /tl /).I/ a() M· I ;z_ 3 /J,/ C./ t.2 4-Birds l / 3 Cl! /),/ 0.2 t' tJ tJ /}./) /),() IJ,fJ S-Clouds, Oust. etc. ! ti 0 M av (),0 j I I M al ~I :6-lnsuffic.lnfo. /'I /J I'{ 0,7 tl,O /).7 /t () /'{ {),7 IJ./? tJ.7 7-Psychological , J' 1' ai. ().I m J' tJ 3' t?I IJ,/) rJ.J 8-Unknown .)5 /) ,5 2,'J. t?.t? l.t.2 35' /) JS- /,Ii M /,4 9-0lher 'l ( /7 /),If tl,3 IJ.7 7 2 9 t'.3 t),J '7,/1. I Total /77 76 7,-1 M 3,J '!. 'I 150 J3 ~.3 s-.7 J., I 7,11 Y.c-Jlt)W AD/./ ,uhA"'1 ~;/ ,.,,. Run~ AO /2 ,,,,,-,,,..,f}_JJ~ I Numbe, Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Doobtful Total JI.Balloon /7 9 :.J.£ Cu t),IJ /. I ~ IS tJ,,2 t),/ .).3 I-Astronomical ::/,;J 17 S-/ 1,3 C.7 2,0 /M /C £1? /.1 ,1.6 2., 2-Aircraft .22 /I!' 38' /).9 0.6 IS /tl ~ /9 tUI till M 3·Li&f\l Pheiom. ? 2 f' t?.J /1,/ tJ,11. I CJ I (7,/ v.O o.l 4-Birds 0 ;2 .2 ~o t),J /)./ tJ tJ C) ti,O (),ti CU) S-Clouds, Oust. etc. t) I I IJ,() ;J,f ~/ C t) 0 t?.O tJ.o t),{) 6-lnsuffic.lnfD. JS- t'} /.S- cu (J./) ~b 3 tJ 3 /.I rJ/J (?,/ 7-Psycholoaicat 2 ~ 2 tJ./ 0 /) C./ I I 2 t?.I // /),7.. 8-Unkno• 1/, /; '1£ 1,4 O.tl /.If .2'1 0 29 I./ /J,{) /, I 9--0ther 3 2 ~ t.! 11.I h. .L tJ ;;_ a, t'.O {?,/ Tola! /.JE 11-f 11.f' S.3 ;. r 7,2 'I# .2.? /,2../ 3.7 /, I 4.7 ·v,A .Pr /1/7 /.. /~=/u,< Y/A/&-r ;;~,,It/,,, /2RAV ! lt>mber Per Cent Number Percent Enluabon CtllJin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfui Total ,:;ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain lloul>llul Total ~~~noon {/ I I tJ.C, 0./ t,f I /J I tJ,/ (),{) ~/ : 1-Asllonomu;al I t:J I μI t?o !)./ tJ I I !),t) .a/ t?.I l2.A1rmft .2 I i N t?! t,2. I t? I IP.I tW t'./ ·-·- l-LiahtPhenon1. I/ I/ 0 J?.I, v.O t!O 0 I I t)./) /)./ J,/ 4-Bnds C I -· I tJ./J IP.I ~/ /,i i? 0 ,:?.{) tJ,O M S-Clouds. Oust, etc. C v t) tJ./) tJ.tJ tJ.t) t? tJ 0 tJ{) O.{) O.t) 6-lnsuffic.-.kl. v 0 C /J./} ti,{) tJ.{) tJ 0 t) /).{) C.tJ tJ.tJ 7-Psydllloa,cal C j) 0 /)_/) t}() ~/J /} 0 tJ tJ.tJ /'.!) ;J,~ ....... I /) I tJ.I ao tu .2 0 J J,/ l'J.I) /)./ 9-0lller 0 u 0 tJ.O. !).t:- J?.tJ /) 0 L> tJt t'.tJ /J.{) - . · Tota ,If 3 7 tU ,M ~.3 I/. 2 6' t.2. /7./ ~,2 142 N.rr,1. 1 //1' Number Per Cent ertain Doublful Total Certain Doublful Total ,., J,l. f? ,2.S /,3 3.$ K r 17 11.3 tH tJ,7 r'I 5'J/- /i/2 J',lf J., I ss ? II 7 P./ (),.2 tJ.3 3 I )f tl.l /},/ /J.2 I /) I t?.I (),/) t?. I JJP {) 11-P /.6 #.0 /,6 ' I '1 tJ.3 rJ./ l!.I/ Ya 0 f/ ti 3.J /},J J,3 I, 0 .2 I a6 tJ. J. 0,8' 31.> liJ7 JI». IJ..-1 11,2 /1.S /.oc*" /JR,(',,""'"" /.!orrA/ Nuntier Per C<nl ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 1 () .3 j./ ao O.I ~ 70 1.:n ..2.0 JJ J/.7 7 f 17 tJ,3 tJ.4 n ;z_ {) .z. t.l /J.P iJ. I tJ () {) 1),0 0.0 ,:Jp t? /) t) (J,() ao ().j f () 1 0./.I tJ.() o.tl· tJ t) t) (JD /).{) ao I</ /) /'7 M /),/) h 1 I I/- t)./ t)/ ~I '1~ &'P 117.., J,7 3,/ t.r IA",- AC.-f' /JO/.. .,,,,.,,, ,0 .,,,._,,, Nurrd>er PerCeat Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total .;- ;, /7 t?.2 t?.3 tli I ,::; I t./ tJ.() t?. I /2 ? /9 tJ,S tJ.3 M tJ /} CJ O,t tJ.O {),0 C) I I tY./J tJ. I t?. I tJ I I IJ.t) ,::J, I /},/ /ti tJ It? al/ ao tJ.4 3 / ~ ~I ti,/ 4'7 9 ,::; '7 ;J.1/ j,1) M C) ;z_ ,;z, tJ,{) tJ.I ,M 4tJ /'l .5-Y /.t 47 ..Z.3 Number Percent J;ertain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total / /JJ/1&> A/tJr .!irArf.O Number PerC<nl Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total l.8 ;2./ fl<' I.I {}, '{ /,'/ 7~ It 39 {}, 'l t?.6 1£ 3.2 /6 116 /,3 0.6 !,'I /) / I /?.O ti. 0./ fl. I s-- t?. .l- tJ,/ tJ.J I tJ I tJ,J /J.P 17,/ ;ti) tJ lt? 2.7 ao 2.7 I tJ f tJ.J. {J./) (7..l- 71 tJ 7/ H{ /J./) 2:1 29 { :,s /, I tJ.2 /.3 J_JJJ. cl .1J.S /0.J ;L.,1/- /'J..,7 L11'"T L'. pU/ /',,,,,DAliJT,r,,,,,,, Number PerC<nl Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubllul Total II/ /tJ .2Lt tJS 0.1/- t?.'l :?7 9 //£ /,If Ml /, 'I ,; 7, II~ P.</ /, 0 J,f /I. 2. 6 P.2 fl,/ tJ,3 /) I I o.P tJ./ t),/ cJ I I l!,0 a; ()./ 211- /} 2.LJ 1),9 (),{) tJ,'l /} I I {),{) tJ,I tJ.I 71J tJ 7/J.. M tUJ tJ.9 , t' 5 t).,Z. tU /7 ;;u 11-'1 171 ;.I /,'f 7. p I,, ,rr£! ... I i1"" Numbe( PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Tolal Certain Doubtful Total I tJ I t?.I tW al t? .2 2 r).() N tJ,f ? I 4'- IJ./ tJ,f tV- I / 2- t?,/ tJ. I tV- ,::; ,?! t:? 0.0 "-0 tJ.O tJ 0 t) tJ.t) t),tl t).tl tJ /? t:? tJ.tJ tJ, {) cu> p C) /) tJ,{) CJ.0 ,:),/) I t} I t?.f tJ./} Al ,?i ,::? t:? ,1./) (},{) O.t? ,i // /f) a.2 /J.,2 CUI Number Percent certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 152 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ! Evaluabon 1 0.Balloon I-Asb0noll1cal !2-Aucratt I IH•aht Phenom. 4-Birds IS-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuff1c. ~lo. 7-Psydnloaical 8-Unlulo• !1-0lhe< Total I Evaluation 0.Ballooo 1-Astnioomical 2-Aircraft 3-LictitPhenom. 1 4-Birds S-Cloucls, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Ps,dlolosical la.unkno• !I-Other Tot~ I l Evaluation 0.Balloon l•Astronomical Ii-Aircraft S:Uahtl'h"'°". !4-Birds S-Clouds. Oust. etc. 1 &-lnsuffic. _fo_ [7-Psytholoaical S.Unkno• CJ.Other Tot~ ! Evaluation !o.eanoon I- :1-Astrol'IOlllit.al l2-A11c1"1 H,at,tPllenoa. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dust, etc. r..1nsuflic. Info. 7-Psydlolo&icat a.- !1-0lhe< T~ ,.,,u ,;11s #E-"'""' TEfl I or. J W8/r.F /JP . --•WN,'.T.<'. ·- Per Cent Number Per Cent Celt•• Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I Totat ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 2.£:;; J:l.Z !3:;'9 1/11- t:IJ /f:11- s-, /If /IJ/ 1.S 2.0 lf,S- 2711- ;us //~ as 9..J 2 ✓ .'I /£ ST /2il. 1,(/ J..6 s;t, :us ;2.()f 4-7/J a.I rs .:iu JI/ JJLJ_ rs- /,9 ,t.P 3,5 3t? Ir )J 'l 1,1/- /). '{ 1..:Z. ? 7 /tJ t.l t),3 M· I~ It) .:Z:2 as t),5' /.~ Q 2. b r. ').. ti/ ().3 J 7 /tJ ~.I ~3 tJ.11 I 3 II tJ,/ j/ 0.2. :w~. I) '7ll/) IM t).P /ti.9 £Ir ti 1/f 2..2 o.O ;2..z. .3.f' f ./llJ. 1,6 tJ,/J 1./) 1f :L I?! a11- (), J a, f!J~ CJ #J'lt /9,7 ao l'l7 //.)._ t) //2 5,/ CJ.O S:/ o; ;z.11 /1)9 3.'l I.I ,,. /} It I 17 ~7 tJ ) O.'I ~F5~ ~I/I ,7./?f V./ J.7,9 /Ot!, 3SJ' lt.l- 5"17 IU 7,/1 l-J.f l(!,04,,rr An/• /1_..,. ~/7 ~n /., N',/,VL! l?ro Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull Toi.al Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublfol Toi.al IS' /t) .2-.> t.7 as /,2 13 9' .22 /.6 C:11 1.0 3C 25' ~, /, If /,/ 2s 35 /6 S-4- /,7 a 1 ,2, l/ ;.:- 22 1/C ai /,0 /.'I 2.2 14- 3'£ /,/) M /,6 /() C /t [.f /)() tJ.S I 2 3 tJ./ (!,/ o.:z. I I ::z_ [./ C./ tl.Z. 0 t? v C/11 t;?,{) ,al) t' I t'.' ! o ,M ft; 0~ tJ I I M ,:7./ ()./ /7i CI 17 C.f ~/) t1. 'I I Jr v /'l NI t>,IJ (J'l If ' 3'7 c;.2 tJ./ tJ.3 j' ,tJ 3 0 ~() ()./ LPI ,1/ 1/-'l ,z,;;z tJ.tJ ;z.2 33 ,:; 33 /,S' tJ./) /.S 'I 7 16 t'-11 0.3 0.7 7 :i- 9' ~"I O.I dll i /~? .t<o ')..;1.) 7,j 3,/ !//)./ 135' JJ.t/ 17? 6, I ;).,/) 8', I i'&IIAIA/ ,-,of,>, llllA/J' ½ei,1,wu l?n,r- ;,,r;, ,{.' ,..,,,.A &t1F Number Percent Nuoi>er Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfuI Toi.al Certain Doubtful Total c.rtaio Doubtful Toi.al /,5 'l ;21/- t?.7 /)I/- ;.I 3 I I/- a/ I)/ ;?.2 2LJ Ill- 3? ),/ at, /,7 .:Z.t It? 38' /, 3 tJ,S- l,f .2;:L N j'{; /.0 at /,6 'D r 17 tJ.tl {).// M s-- I 6 t:1,2. ;J./ i:B I Cl I N O,t tJ./ CJ 2 .z_ 0,0 tJ.J tJ./ () 0 0 t?.0 r).0 tJJ tJ I I M tJ./ (),I 0 () 0 M M /J.D 14 ,? //1- ?).b tJ.t /J.I, 3 0 3 a; tJ() t}./ .2 t? 7 tJ./ tJ.L 6,/ I I 2.. M tJ./ /J.2 11 ~ 3/ J,IJ. ().b /,ti ;26 t) ?L /.::Z. tJ.() /.2 3 ;z.. ~ tu CJ.I /).2 J 0 J tJ,/ JJ.a (}.f l/7 //2. 15-Y _,.3 /, 'I 7..2 7, ,Z/ 93 3,3 /,/) .t/;:2 V,,, ,,..,- ~,., I · / A,u,v/< JI,,,, eT /, //}W V/' f.;',:,Ay - Percent Noaber Per Cent c.rtaio Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooublhrl Total Certain DoubHul Toi.al tJ tJ ,;) al) ao (J.C, I 0 I t?.I {)0 /2/ I C I 41 /)/1 "-I tJ I I ao M t?J I I 2 o./ t)j (}.). I CJ I 1,/ l).O (J./ ? v 0 ~o {i./) ~ tJ I I M tJ,/ t}./ ? I I tJ,/) ~I M tJ ,t::J p ;?.() ().() t).{) r t1 0 (),0 t1./) a~ t7 tJ CJ (),O ao U, C /J C, (2() {)() ~p t> 0 0 tJ,0 tJtJ 1/.l) . I' 0 0 M 0.1)1 tJ.0 tJ 0 0 j.j IJ.() /J.t I C I t'- I 0,() ti.I I tJ I ,N /2() I). C, ti (/ tU) t?.P ().L 0 0 0 1-1; tJ.C, ().(} 3 ;2.. 5" tJ,/ ,::J./ /J.2 3 ..:L .5 I.I tU t'..l. 143 4'.V MrY', ,,,. /'/11/10 A//',.,.- ('TATFP Number Per Cent Number Per Cent :;ertan Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ St, 2'1 111 .2.S J.3 .l'I 211 I£ JI.() /. I ~7 //l 7 &' IS- "-3 '7,1/ tl. i II '1 ,:Z.tJ tJS titJ. /.9 'lS- .5".2 /3'} J. 9 2.11- t3 .2'{' /6 /./" J.3 ~7 :M 3 ,/J 7 N a2 ,u () t? t? cJ.O c),/) ao 3 I II- t)./ N ()..2 ti- I .r J.2 tU t).J I t) I ~/ P.0 ()./ I tJ I tJ.I /)~ ()./ 3tr t:1 '36' /. 7 ()./) /.7 £-2 t? h 2.3 M ,7.f ? I '1 tJ.11- (),/ M. ,5 ~ ~ t?.3 0.P tJ,3 76 0 7£ 3.S C/.0 3S p,2 ?) b2 .2,8 /J.() :Z.f /If II- 11 M, 0.2 tJ.S :Z.t s- ?/ J,,Z t'-Z /, ti lZV fr 3'19 ll.2 1/,S- Ii? 12.UI 1-17 .J-?/ lt!,2 JI 12,3 11:'or.c-•, Ao //""''/Nt: /.'.oEF,,l I/ IL!J.JT /4.//JJU /' ✓,1111;, .#PT/61Aw, Nuntler Per Cent Number / Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tout Certain Ooubtfu Toi.al Certain Doubtful T~ .J ti 3 t?./ tJ./) 0./ /JI g ;z.2 ,M tU /.0 L/3 s-s ?5' J.,0 2,5 PS 7,;- 9 34- /. I ,?, I/ IS ? 7 /,It (j,J 0.3 tJ.6 I? ,22. 1./.tJ (), 'j' J,0 l,f .:z_ ti '7 ;J. I atJ tJ./ II- 2 ,5 tJ,2 t?/ /J.J ti /? 0 00 M tf.tJ cJ I I ().() tJ,/ OJ 0 t) /) ;},O tJ.p t',J tJ I I /}./) 11,/ t)./ t cJ 9 C',1/ aP /j.11. 21 tJ .2/ /./) ,?,ll 1.0 0 tJ 0 tJ./) tJ.tJ /21) t? I I tU, tJ,/ t)./ Ill- t7 /4- t?-6 tP.tJ ~6 21 tJ 7/ /,/J tJ.() u 1 I p. tJ,/ t1. I ().:Z. S' tJ s- tJ.;l. /J.() 0.2 f?/ 13 /UIJ. 3,7 )., 1 {,5 /(Jf /Ill IY2.. tM 2,1) 1.9 ;:?,~,,,... c,p/..' AU//,H,. ,/?', Aft~ / 1/'uT ,(~ .,., T: " Nud>er Per Cent Number.,.,, Per Cent Certain Doubtful Toi.al Certaio Doubtful Total Certin Ooubtfu Toi.al Certain Doubtful Total 5 7 12 ().2 d3 l)S' I tJ I N 0, I) t),/ I iJ I 41 120 t?./ fJ 0 tJ //./) tJ./) ~tJ 1.2 ? 19 tU t?.3 NI .2.. I 3 tJ,/ o. I t?-2 t? t:) t? ao tJ,() t?t) I I 7 /1./ ,:::,,/ ().2 0 I I 110 tJ,/ 0./ fJ 0 0 ao {).() tJ.C. I/ I I /J,0 ~/ tJ,/ {? CJ 0 t2t? 4" ao /{) C It) t?S [//) ,1-f 0 0 0 tJ.I) 0 I) tJ.0 3 I 1/-- a; tU cu.. 0 tJ 0 l,tJ tJ.p ao 7 0 7 j.3 tJ.() /.3 I () I j,/ tJO ,1,/ /,) 2. ,2.. /?,/J t?,/ j./ 0 0 t) tU 0.() atJ 3~ l'l s-;, /,7 tJ.9 2.t F 2_ 7 tJ.;L ,1./ t?.3 Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi.al Certain Oou!Jlfol Toi~


=== Page 153 ===

Ut(LE tlt,6 E/(AL.@T/t?ttl ff /JU. NI/AA, p~ "7F t76"JEers /?££ ,./£.L t/£~1>(' /91/-7 ,.,_ PerCmt _, Pa Cent Enluabon Cerhin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total IHl•lloon 2<8 l'f7 37S 'f.S ,.1 IS:C. S" 0 s 7.0 o.o 7.0 11-Astrommu:al 'f-3{, 31/ 7'1-7 /II./ 12.9 3/.0 29 .:;. 35 '-'o.~ 'i'.tf 'f-f.2 ii-Aircralt 227 /97 '{.z<f. f.'f r.z 17'- () z ;( o.o z.8 zg 3-Lipt Phenom. /9 II 3o 0.8 "·~ /.3 2 0 z .es (J. {) -c'.8 4•811ds I I z "·' o./ "-2 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.o I-Cloud>, Dus~ el~ '1 ,z :l/ O.tf O.S" o.'f () 0 0 0.0 ao o.o 6-lnsuffit. -.tt. z,s 0 <I~ ff.? o.o f.? s- 0 s 7.0 o.o 7.0 7-PsidlJlo&ical .J'I () 31/- /.<f 0.0 /.<f z 0 2. Z,8 o.o e.g 1-.-. t,-{,3 0 tU.3 /'I.:?. ao /9.Z /2 0 IZ ,,_,, o.o 1'-.9 !1-0tlllr 'l'I 0 'l'j '1-.I "·" 'f.i 11 0 8 //.3' CI.O 1/.3 Total /73/ '7'f Z:Wo 7t.K z,.Z i(oo. '3 & 71 1f8.7 //. 3 /tJO /9~0 /9SI Nu111ber Pet Cent - PerCml Evah1ation Cerbin Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi.al Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloabtlul Total 0-11111000 "30 7 37 1/.8 <'-8 #-'- /0 <I- /<I Vf· -;z.'f /0.3 l·ASWIDlital 'It. ZS" 7/ /f./ .,_, .?7.'1 .23 ltf- 37 /,., /(). 3 212 2·Aircrifl z:z.... /3 35' U, S:I l,J.7 ,s- 7 2< /(.0 S"-1 IC../ 3-Li&III Ph"""'- 0 0 t) 0.0 ao tl.O c I 3 /,S° 0.1 2'..c 4-Birds 0 0 0 ao ().0 04 0 0 0 oo 0.0 o.o I-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ t) 0 0 tlO 0.0 t,.O 0 0 0 clO 0.0 t).0 6-lnsuHic. Info. wt 0 = 173 o.o /7,3 /() 0 /0 7.~ ().0 7.'f l•P,ycholo&ical fC t) ~ /.Co o.o /.lo z 0 z )!' ao /-~ I-U,,knoMI 5'3 t) ..n ......, o.cJ ZtJ.g 'fa ID IL'< s/.b "-~ 3/.fo !I-OIiier /0 t) /0 3.1 0.0 3.'f ~ 0 s 3.7 c:lO n I Tolal 20¥ 'f-., 2~'1 'l.?.3 17- 7 /0(). 1/0 ,Z{, ;;,b go_'f l'l.l IOC. -fdtft.E .EJl'AL t/ tln(J,v ME t7,C t<IJ,,e,,-,rf /Ju i/1:AR5 1'1<17 Number Per Cent - PerCotl Evah.ation Certlin Doubtful Toti! Certain Doabllll Total Certain Doabtful Toi.al Certain Ooobllul Total 0-B,lloon :i?Z. <I '1-3 ,.o 7-" IS'.fo 0 0 0 tJ.0 c). 0 t:'-0 1-Astrunomical ,z /3 i!S '1-.f/. 'f,7 1./ i:. 2 '{- Zc'.i. z2.z W#' 2-Aircraft S3 '13 96 19.3 IS.'- 3'l-'1' I 0 I !/./ o.o If.I l-Li&IIIPh111011. '(.. z G I-~ 0.1 Z.I 0 0 0 0-0 o.O t,.O 4-Birds 0 0 0 ao [).0 ,!).0 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 o.e> I-Cloud~ Dusi, et~ z I 3 0.7 O.'{- I.I 0 0 0 tJ.o 0.0 t}c) 6-lnsuffic. mto. /9 0 /9 .,.r 0.0 '·"' 0 0 0 c,.o ae, 0.0 l•P,ycholo&ical 'I- 0 ~ /.<,C. tJ.O I. 'I- 0 0 0 C/.C) 0.0 o.o 1-IJnknoMI t.<1- 0 "It- 23_ _; o.o 7?.il 2 0 z 22.2 o.i:i zr.z 'I-OIiier (.S C) /~ S.4 ao S.<I z 0 2 .:z.c O.C, .:v, Toto! /'IS '80 Z7S 70.'? zf./ (OO. 7 ;;> 9 17-'i! zzz. /00. /'TSO /7'SI - Pa Cent - PerC..t Evaluation Cerhin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 0-Bolloon I 0 I S.-3 o.o S.3 0 0 0 ,t>.() 0.0 OC) 1-Astmnollical () 0 0 ,:J.Q ao 00 0 " 0 (7.0 tJ.O 0.0 2-Airaalt G I 7 .71.i:;. 5.3 31,.'? () 0 0 cl{) ao i!>.{) J-Li&lltl'llfta. 0 0 0 0-0 tJ.0 o.o 0 0 t') 0.0 ().0 0,0 4-Birds 0 0 0 o.o ao ().0 0 0 0 o.C 0.0 oe> I-Cloud>, Dus~~ 0 0 0 0.0 ,J.O "·" 0 0 0 ao 0.() e,.0 6-lnslffic.lltfo. I 0 I -s:3 &};:J .S:3 0 0 0 o.o ao ao 7-PsydlDlo&ical 0 0 0 o.c o.o o.o 0 () 0 o.o ~ 0.0 1-- 9 0 '? Jt7.'I tJ.O 'R.<I- (£.. 0 ¥- 80.0 ao 80.0 - I 0 I S:3 ClO S:3 / ,., I a:).() O.() zo.o Total I'! I l'i' l9s'? S:3 IP0. s 0 ,S I/PO.• ao 1100. 144 5/6f/UII¼ S: FOR I/LL S/'6 U-r'llf/G t?/1/& /?""J&t!-r /9 -.£g /'7¥,-9 Nu- Percent _, Pereent certain Doulltful Toi.al Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doabtful Total Certain lloublllll IS" I 'f 31{- 9.0 //. <f 2"-~ /'{- s I? ½3 1-S 3¢ 3tf '-li Z"-3 zo.3 U.{, ~ti /Z'iJ i'?z /9.7 i!'VIC 't s /t/. s.f 3.(J r.f/. Zit IZ ¥0 U, 3.7 I I 2. o., a, /.Z " 0 0 o.o CI.O I I 2. "·'- "·" I.Z " 0 0 (1.0 o.o 0 0 0 tJ.O 4.0 o.O 0 0 0 a.o ,,_o 1, 0 1, P.'- o.o ?-6 22. 0 :.?2 ,.11 a.o (!J 0 0 0.0 0.0 o.o I 0 I 0.3 t:l.o <3 0 23 17.8 ao /~R 'fO 0 ~o 12.3 o.o 8 0 8 il;Sl 0.0 ¥.ll /0 t) /0 :v ,:J.O /07 (;,t) 1,1 ''le( 3~9 /ti(). 1'1'1 l<I-S 3Zfl. .S-F.l #.? l'?.S.i? r.inmer PerC..I Number PerCml ertain Doabtful Toi.al Certain - Total Certain Dovbtfu Total Certain Doubtful IS'/- /12 ,.,,, /o.6 7.7 18!.. """" /Ou. _?@ /i. . .f 7. I Z3.6 IS.l 1= 31/ m.S 1().9 Zf.J /¥, 't Z.~ U) fJ.fo /.to 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.o 9 IZ ,Z/ "·" tJ-'i 1.<t /(8 0 118 ,., C,.O Fl. I 2• e, 'l.S"' 1-7 Cl!O /.7 Zf'C 0 Z'fc. ;l.0.0 cJ.O :J.01) SI d s-B ~.t. "-o C/./1 '"'' ;,p~ 19'.n 7.Z.9 i7./ /OtJ. 7£-t' /({, rl/116 rwt? cl. ..lt::t!:rs /"~rf' /'1'"1L9 -er PerC..t Number PerC..t ertain Doabtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doabtful I I e ,.7 ,.7 I.Y.<1. ,c 0 e /&,.C, cJ.O 2 I 3 /3.j' "-7 zo.o G If- /0 30.0 :zo.o 3 0 ~ zo.c 0.0 ZtJ.O e <.f lo /0.0 zo.o I 0 I '-1 0.0 ,.1 0 0 0 (7.0 o.() 0 0 0 o.o "·" O.{) 0 0 () '1.0 t).0 0 0 0 o.o at!J ClO 0 0 0 o.o o.o 0 0 tJ If/.{) 6).0 {).O 0 0 0 o.o o.O 0 (Z) 0 o.o o.o 1'.0 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 z 0 z /3.3 "·o 13.3 z 0 z 10.0 ao ¥- 0 q.. 2,., ei.o Zfo.1 0 0 0 t:1.0 0.0 13 ;z /.f, 111,.7 ,..,,.,, /tJO. 12 ir zo 60.0 ~o l'r~,c Nulllber Percent - PerC..I ---n Doabtful Tollll Certain Doubtflll Total Certain Doabtful Total Certain Ooobtful /F KO ~, n 'l-7 /Vf z ' g ;.o .e.'I 3'.'J 'I-I ~,f 7"1' /r.8 /f.'I 38.2 3 z s 1-<f /.0 z-.'1- 0 0 0 tl.0 tf/.0 ao ;;:: I 3 /.0 o..r /.S /'j 0 18 11.1 CJ.0 8.7 "' 0 ~ /. 'f ao t.'f q;._,;- 0 l'..s Z/.7 O.C, Zt.7 7 0 7 3. 'f Cl.I!) 3.4- l'10 ,7 Zo7 l-'7.'- 3:2.tf /DO. Tolal S.11 S1./ /,c'.3 ao o.o c,.() (,.f 0-3 li:.3 3.1 /CO. Total Total /i!>.O so.c 30.0 d.0 0-0 ao ao ao /().O e:J.o /()0. Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 154 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II I EWlluation ~8'11oon 1l-Astiuno111ical /2-Aucraft 3-Litfll Phenom. 4-Bnds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuflic. ~fo. 7-Psydlolojical 1-Unlalo• 9-0lller Total Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2-A11cratt 3-Lilf!lfltlenom. 4-Birds Hlood~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycllolo11cal 8-Unkno• 9-0ther Total I i Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&hlPh....,, 4-Birds S-Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsutfic. ~to. 1 7-PSJCholofic.al &-Unknowi 9-0ther Tcdal Evaluabon ()..Balloon !I-Astronomical 2-Aircrifl l-L1et,I Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds. Oust, etc. 6-lnsutfic. flto. 7-Psydlolo&ical 1-Unuio.. >-0.... Total Certain I~ 7 (,7 'f- ' 0 V-2 I 108 23 Z73 Certain 2 () II 0 0 c; (?. 0 8 I Zlo Certain I 7 3 3 lo 0 I/ 3 '1-< s 81 Certain 0 / 0 0 0 0 a 0 I 0 z A///M,-,e,,, ALL YE,1,e.5 lllmbef Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain /0 :?~ .ft 11 1v I IZ 19 2.P S.+' ~¢ 0 31? IOS I/Lt ;P.t. tf.1/ I ,o I~ /I .fl f. 9 0 g 14 17 1.2 .Lf. 0 0 0 /)/) /J.~ /1,0 0 CJ '{---Z // I /J.t? Iii' 7 I/- s JJj' ;.I /.(/ 0 0 /()8 JtJ.J tJ.O I''!~ r 2 25' 1,t,_(/ /}(, 1.t? " 'iN- 3S7 !?'t 5 L:!.5 la:1 -:i?'I- / '1.S-0 Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0 :2 '/.I /J.t:J ?'I 0 0 0 11.t? IJ;; /1() ;e I IZ .!f..5 .?.~ t/?_f I CJ 0 /Jt? /7,/} ao 0 0 t) ,117 //fJ 12tl 0 0 0 tJ.tl ().CJ /Jf} 0 0 <I- 1,/_g /J./1 ,,(_g I 0 0 Ll.() P-tJ ll.tJ 0 0 K 1ft, tJ_t} B.t 3 I < fl. 1,t, 'f.2 I z Z8 IQf.9 ?. I /~ If ,llLt.. t/E/US """"" Pe,C,nt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain I ;z /. I f/ :t.2. 0 'f II ~✓ E/2 I/./. 0 G 'T S'- 2.. /,,J 9.5 0 0 3 f.2 /J.P $2 0 I 7 t..5 /.I 'IQ 0 0 0 /J.t? IJ.tl tJ.t? 0 0 II /~/. t:l.tJ //.r( 0 I ,f. ~t, II «.l I a 'l-2 /;'t./.2 tl/J ,l,f.2, S' I 6 5.J' /./ t.4 I /ij. '1S JJ,;. q 1✓ 7 ltV 7 /';?S-0 lllmbef Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0 0 o.o ().0 o.o 0 0 I 50.0 o.O so.o 0 0 0 o.o o.c. o.o 0 0 0 o.c. 0.0 p.l) 0 0 0 C),0 o.o ()_/) 0 0 0 0.0 QC:, t:,.O 0 0 0 tJ.tJ o.o ().0 / 0 0 o.o o.o tJ.0 0 0 I s-11.0 o. 0 .S-/J.t) z 0 0 0. C, ao o.o I 0 2 /000 ,:JO ,..a, 'I- tY i9U (17,C /Jd/c~rs /9<,C.7 Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Cl!llain Doubtful Toi~ 0 I ✓ .tJ lltJ .d,-, 0 {) /J.tJ cUJ //1'1 0 I 417 t:J.tJ 4(/} c::, 0 /J.tJ /J.P ,?/_} 0 0 /J/J IJ. I) tJ.tJ 0 0 t'_O 17.t? ,J.tl 0 7 ,ff.I) /JP NP I I ,7_/, 4. /J ,/p () 9 J'L /, ,1/J J't.P 0 C. 2tl/J ll.O 21/P I 25" 1;.;::i +ftJ I/el?. /9S/ Number PerC01I Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 0 ll.v /)(} tJ.() '3 s- l~:Z .!1. J' 14'<.5 0 I 9./ /1.{) t/.1 0 0 t?.v at? tJ.tJ 0 0 t?.tl ,7_ t1 /Jtl 0 0 tl.t? t?.t? tJ.tJ 0 I fl 4tJ q_ I 0 0 ,?.tJ atJ 121? 0 3 /J'I .1 t.?.tJ Li.7 0 I q/ /J. /) 9.1 '3 I( -t.t.7 27.5 ltl:1. /9'-1"7 Number Per Cent Doulllful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 0 0 tJ.tJ tJ.CJ 17.6 0 0 /?" 17./l (7.CJ ti 0 t7. ti 1.7.tl tJ.tJ 0 0 /)./} tJ.tJ tJ.O 0 0 4.,:; /J.tJ /1/J 0 0 tJ.p tl.P 11t) 0 0 tJ.tJ tJ.p OtJ I 2 111.~ 12.,:; 25-tJ 0 5 ~.!.5 tJ.t) ~2.5 0 I 1?.!, /1,tJ 12.!, I R' lk'7'5 1:t.i /t?P. /'7S-/ - Percent Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 0 0 ao t?.u tJ.;; 0 0 d.O IJ. tJ /7.tJ 0 0 tl. tJ tJ.tJ I.J.t? 0 0 tl.t:) (J.t) t).t7 I J ,7./J ,?/} /_J M.tJ 0 0 IJ.17 17.tJ p,CJ 0 I ~p t:l.tJ tt:J.P 0 c:::> l?.b tJ.tJ ,?.tJ 0 z 1dl.; t?.P //1.J.v 0 I I 4/.>,c ao 12'ao I 0 lit?.tl 1£).p la?. 145 s tG ¢' r(A(6 s 9'.Et9RS 6'y P=,e S"/611/T/Au::: -ru,t'£E -r/J 7'6'/V ;'];Jeers /9<,C9 ' 19SC? Numbef Per Ceo! Number Pereeot ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I t:) I L.7 /J.P /_,, 0 0 c:::> /7/J 4'/.tJ /J.tJ 0 ;e z ,!/lfl 1:J,f ,:1..1 ;e 0 z '7.'1' atJ '/.7' 3' 0 3 1'14P t.J.p 21-P I 9 /0 .U ;¢7 J~5 0 ¢ ~ AA ~L. 7' l~,;.7 0 0 0 O.tJ 11.tJ /1.P I ,e 3 I/.. 7' /;,S :!tUl 0 I I t'tl g.fj .u 0 0 0 t?.t? t?. () (l.tJ 0 0 0 ,?. () atJ 11.P /!) 0 0 /1.t? t:J.tl i:lP 7 0 7 '1L. 9 at? 1.2t..f 0 0 ~ tJ.tJ tJ.t? at? I 0 I f. i tJ.P f.S z 0 ,2 lf.S t1. tJ /.f.;1 s 0 r II.?.., tJ.p 19. i, 0 0 0 t:1.tl ao lt:117 0 0 0 /J.17 iJ. tJ t?.17 7 I? /5 1//..7 5:/.1 /pp. /6 /0 Z6 lt.1.5" .fJ'5 /¢. /9.S-2 Nuntier Per Cent Nu•ber PerCmt ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doub!lu Total Certain Dlllbtlul Total I/ /0 ZI ✓ .4' ✓. t:) S.tl 3 7 /C) /.-? ~~ ,/..o 50 zg 7Jr /9.8 I// 130,q ~ "' /0 I. t. .f.4 ,t(,1 s- ..r /0 ?,/J 'l./1 U.t7 0 C) 0 JJ.t? 11.cl t!l.tl Z8 0 Z3 9.1 (l.t7 fl 0 3 3 tl.O L:Z /. .t 8/ 0 'U lr2./ /ltJ H./ IS" I 16 ,;:9 /J.u' ~.f /P2 l,O ZSi! lf.r(. .t IU.$ /a?. r9 ;;,cf? /9'/'9 Numer PerCml llamber PerCml Certain Doubtful Total Certain [lolmlful Total Certain Doulltlu Total Certain l)a,blful Total D 0 0 /1/1 /1/1 (7.,t) 0 0 0 11.tJ ~/_J /7.0 0 I I Id.ti l..?.G:P £!;.I) 0 0 0 ti.CJ tUJ /11? I () I i!5P ,::lCJ 2~/J 0 / I /1.tJ 5:t .<r. 0 0 0 t?.t? /?/J Ci" 0 0 0 ,?.tJ .t.2tJ. av 0 0 0 /J.p /JP /217 ~ 0 'I- ~t.t IJ./1 ,;?,J 0 0 0 "?"' /ltJ 1217 0 0 0 t?/J .t.2 cl 11.t? I 0 I 1-?t:.tJ /1 ✓ 1 25-o s 0 .s ,,a Ll.tl 2:IA' I 0 I .25.P .4.() 25,0 I 0 I 5.1.. P-t:' s.t 0 " 0 /J.t:J IJ.t} ~p ~ 0 G ff.1 a t1 n.1 0 0 C) IJ.t} t7.t7 aP I 0 I 5.t. 17.t? ,;_,: 3 I 'I- l?".-.t? fl!i.P /a:! /7 I 18' f~,/ 5.t. /,AA /?.J°<. Nu- Per Ceo! Number Per Cent i;ertain Doulllful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlaio Doullllul Total I I z /.""f /. 7 ..u '"' 3 9 //J. .1 !,.2, 155 2 s 7 _g_~ ~t. /2.C. 3 0 3 5'.2 tJ.P 5.1, 2. 0 2 tu' 41? f.-" 0 l) 0 /JJ1 ttt:J 17.o 'I- 0 <I- I. 9 tJ.,!l -'.P 0 0 0 t.?.t? t1.t? 62tJ ~8 02'ii' k/,:.J /J.tJ 1~1 ;z I 3 f.,/ /.7 5'.I <,..>( /0 sa ln.s ln..z ltl:1.


=== Page 155 ===

I I ~v~':4~l?~L=E~~d,-~,;J~--~E~//,~t9-t~e~t1~7i~,~e~'&'.~--?2~V-C--_~d~L=t~-~S/GH'.1/&G ( EC£' /Jll',,,,dc.e ,.,~ t?/fJ§e;rs /'ff/? S/GN7'.""G tf/t/t'16't:R /~Y:7 /'T'f? l? /'rV'7' dU.. 't"E di!' [ t?,C ?'6'J£t!;rS" /1,t?T I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t:e,tain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total r;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ¥ I 5"" (.'3 /.6 7, '? I 0 I zs.o o.o 25.CJ 0 C) 0 o.o o.o ao 0 0 (.) cJ.O o.o cJ.O I-Astronomical /~ I I• Z/.[I /.(. 2:1.'(, I 0 I 2s.£ a tJ 2S.I. a I I tJ.O :z!i.O 25.C z 0 z. 2t(, 0.0 lz8., 2-Aircraft fl ¥- l? t:,.3 i:;,3 I~.(; 0 0 0 o.o 0.t) o.o C) 0 0 o.o 0, 0 o.c 0 0 ~ o.O 0.0 C).O 3-Light Phenom. z I 3 3./ M, q,7 0 0 0 o.o C>. 0 0,0 0 / f ,:,,0 :zs.c 25',0 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.C Hircls 6 0 6 o,u. o.o 9.<,< 0 0 0 t).O 0.0 O.o 0 a 0 ci.O o.o o.o 0 0 0 o.o o.o o.o 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. f 0 I 1,6 0.0 f.(, 0 tJ 0 o.o 0.0 o.o 0 C) 0 cJ.O o.o ao 0 0 Ci o.~ 0,0 0.0 I 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. fl C) fl l?.2 o.o /'/.2 z 0 2 $0,0 0.0 so.o ,;z_ 0 z 50.0 tJ.o SO.< z 0 z ;;:: 8'.C, o.o 2lU, 7-Psydlolo~cal I 0 I /.C, o.o /,{, 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 o.o 0 0 0 0,0 ao 0,0 0 0 0 t:J.O o.c 0.0 IHJnknown /2 tJ 12 /8,7 c,,o /R.7 0 0 0 0,() o.D ,Q.0 C) 0 0 a>.o O.o d.D • 3 0 3 ¢z.g o.o 'R.8 !I-Diller e 0 z :?./ o.o $.f 0 0 0 Oo C,,() o.o C) t:) 0 o.o "-D t),0 0 0 0 0.0 cJ,O O.l I Total Sr 7 64- 88.'l I/./ /""· ',L 0 lf- /OO.C ao "'"· z z t/, so.o so.o ftJQ, 7 0 7 /'1,.0 /J.O /00. I /'T'SO /'1.S/ /'TS<? Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Pe, C151t Evaluation Certain DOllbtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Tot~ r.;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooul.ltfu Total Certain Doublful Total I 0-Balloon 0 0 0 o.o C),0 IJ).O 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 o.o 3 I (/.. 7.0 2.3 'f.3 I-Astronomical z 0 .2 M,.7 ao 61:,.1 0 0 0 o.o c,,I) ao '1' 0 9 zo.9 0.0 2'1,'f 2~Aircraft 0 0 0 o.c 0.0 o.o 0 / I o.o n.3 333 ',< .s 7 ?.3 7.0 1,.3 I 3-Light Phenom. 0 0 0 t).0 0.0 o.o C) 0 0 0.0 e>.O 0.0 ,e 0 z.. 1(.,7 o.o 'f:7 4--Birds 0 0 0 o.o ao O.o 0 0 0 o.O t!J.0 "·" 6 0 c; l'f..o 0.0 J</-,O 5-Clouds.Dust,etc. 0 0 0 (!).0 C'.l.O (!).0 0 0 0 ('.).0 0.0 0.0 I 0 I z.3 o.o Z.3 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 0 0 0 0.0 C).0 ClO ;e, 0 2._ ~.7 o.o ,6.1 '3 0 3 7.0 o.o 7.0 I 7-Psycoolo~cal 0 0 CJ 0,() 40 (!).O 0 0 0 ao o.o t),0 I 0 I .e. 7 o.o z.3 8-Unknown 0 0 0 o.o (!),0 O.D 0 0 0 o.o 0.0 O.t) 9 0 9 20.'f C'.O u,,'f 9-0ther / 0 / 33.3 o.o 13.3 t) 0 0 t),0 ao ti.o I 0 I Z3 i!J.0 ;e.3 I Total 3 0 3 lt)().0 0.0 J,:)O, z I 3 66.7 3.3.3 /00. 3'1 ',(. 'l-3 90.7 9.3 /""· I I I I I I I I I 146 I I


=== Page 156 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I E-- u,u.. l·-ical 2-Ai~. Hiijll~ 4-Birds ~--Dos~et, 6-lmtli, ..... 7-PsydDlo&ic:al .,_ - Tobi Evaluation -1.... ~A-icat Z-Aimft Hill>!- 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et, 6-IMlffic.tih ~Psydlolo&ic:al .,_ !I-OIiier Total Enlution 11-BIIIOCNI l·A-ic:al 2·AilCllft Hill>!- 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dal, lie. 6-lnsuffi,lolo. 7-Pll)dlolo&ic:al .. __ !I-OIiier Total Evaluabon ().Balloon !l•Asl1t1nomical 2-Aucraft 3-Liehl Phenom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-tnsuff1c.-.111. 7-Psydlo~~c:al 1-Unllno• - Total Ceruin 0A -,.~ ,,,,,, t'I I J ,ll? 2.9 ,nil 59 dLfl Certain /9 ?4 jg' tJ /J 0 :?/ ?, ?,/ ? 131. Certain /9 7 ,j;., ,</ 0 0 /9 J ¢/ 10 ,t./~ Certain I /} #' 0 ~ 0 I 0 z / 'I - jJ ''rJ,,, /9;/7 - PerC111l N"'ber Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Domtful Tollll Certain /21 ?I.I ,, ,f.. fl /t. ..? !, /7 .5 51:g tJ. tJ .ra ,,,_ ?•2"1 l5"k't /Jf(/ /IC .1/l. 2. / 7 L 2$ ff£ /()_,; fltJ..1 ?-? /1,t} u;/) 9. 9 L.1 lf.2. 0 2. .:z. JJ.t1 ,',:; .7.5' 9 1t1 29 1.0 tJ5 /.5 2. tJ 2. ?C IJ.{) .1!> I I 2- /JI 171 11..t. tJ £) 0 ,,,,, /411 120 I '? /£} IJ.t t1-~ /1/, /7 t7 t? ,,,, ;?o t1.t1 /7 t) /ll:1 !,t, /]/] 9.5 ,;- /) 5 fg /JtJ n /t/ ..1 .J'.t. I< cJ.~ /.7 !2. CJ 2,. J'.5 IJ.(l ?t; /J 0 ,ill t?. t, tUJ 17. I. // ,? II /~$ (1.tJ /9.f /', 22. If/ .5./ /.I d.t. ~ 0 7 ;2.J ao 12 . .J J ~B /9/7 11.t, :2~k' /hJ 1 49 ~ ~7 11..t 1¢.tJ Im~. gf. /9~/J /9.<C"/ Number PerC111l Number PerCenl Doubtful Tol31 Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tblal ertain ,:; :?ti 1/tJ :?.9 1.19 f 5 1.t- '/7 17.t 1/1,3 Ifs //? 5'1 22.i //J.!, 53.2 d/J // fl l"f. I ?.'1' i'L,5 222- ~ .,,, 1/&.6" 5:t. 15.1 /!, 7 n 111.1' LO lit 1/,J'..1 /) tJ ///J 0.0 /J.t} ~ / .! 11 /J.9 2..t. /fl /} /? ;J,/J ,?_/1 /J. tJ /? tJ /? /1,., /?.ti /} /] /? 0 tJ t:?tJ tJ.tJ /J.(J t7 t? ,? /1 /1 t?.IJ JJ. tJ j CJ :?./ /2.2. t1. 0 /Z.Z lt7 C) /0 fl_~ p.o ft.G /// 0 ~ / 2,. ao I. 2, / / ,t, /J.,; t?.9 1.K 2..1 0 ,Pl /PC /) /1 19! ~,t, Cl 1..-.z. ':1-7,j' /J.O 27f '?2'? ,(/ ,, /. '7 ?.J 1/o !, 0 ., 4(3 /J. tJ ✓ .J ft, .rt 172- 1-,,9:; ?o,'1 ltltJ· t;,/ 2..? ,117 ,,;rn_,; /9,I, tPP. ltJ9' .,(:J(',ll //,fT/<24( C, ~ (!:5' ~,,e -4LL /_,,,,,. 114"7 Number Per Cent - Per Cent Oowtful Tol31 Certain Domtful Total Certain Domllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain /7 .i'/. 11 "ti 1#.. .t;° ,? /J tJ /J_ /1 /7.IJ /J,D / /1., ,9 (t 5.5 ~1 I 2, _; 1✓ ..J' 2$. (, 12.9 I .58' f?v /f.2. t:7.// JI L / I? I 1//.! /J.O It/. .5 .T :z t, I~ /"J. 9 ~, 17 /J /J tl.O /J,/J 40 I 0 0 tl./J /J.O /},t) 0 d t7 tJ.o tJ.o /J/J I? t? /] ~o /J.() /J,t} /J ,? cJ ,1./1 /7.0 I}.[ t1 0 /I/ i'f tJ.O %.7 t7 0 tJ IJ./J /J./J IJ.0 /J / ,/ 11/ /J ,;- 1.9 0 0 0 tJ.IJ /J.O /!.o ,.., ,? ;/I /Ii tl. tJ tf.f I tJ I 1ef..1 /J.tJ It/ :J t7 .J ,,, ~✓- 1,,/ 1..0 $ a fl, ?1.t. ,?.tJ 11.t I 13 i;f 1/.L'.I. HV I~ 5" ?_ ,, l~u ff. t, l,m,, ,f /?5""0 /I/.<; - Per Cent Nlllllbel PerCmt Doubtful Total Certain O..btful Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certain Domtful Total ertain {) I ,,, n t?.tJ J/J 0 tJ tJ t) /J,11 t1.0 /J.o /If, {/ /} t?.LJ ,:J.0 CI/J 0 /J t? tJ.o /J.t) /J.O fl, / 5 4i1o /{JIJ 5t7.L; /J /J /J 4./J 0.0 tJ.tJ 5:Z.. tJ /J tl.O /Jt) 00 /J ,:? /J 17.0 tJ.O /J.O ? tJ 0 ,::l.O ac ao /} 0 {/ /J.O /J.O l]./J /J /) 0 00 ao ,2() /J 0 tJ 00 t20 0,/J (7 cJ / lt?.tJ t2IJ //<O /J /J t? 00 0.0 ao //" 0 tJ t2tJ /J./J /J,.., /J /J /J /JC} /JO o.o .J (? 2. 2/).0 /J,,7 ?/J{J I 0 / ,qj.,., ,,,,., !fil).() .l!F 0 / /(2(7 ;?. ;? /PP / 0 / 1=.o CJ.t) 5,7p ~ I //] '?0.17 ,,,,,o Vt'a .z cJ 2, I/alt 17.0 ,= nd 147 tfV - /;~R /t?✓ 7' Number Percent Number PerCIIII Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total """'in DoulJlful Toi~ /0 £.?, 9.7 s. / /7.g /,:7 J /.5 ;;.,/ /.G 7.,-J ?1 .... /) 2/Y t/f.f;, flM 21f ?'J; It),/ l5Z 0.! ,;u, ;/ /J , .5 J. 2. /a£ /5 ~ .v fl.I f{.1 /f.q" 0 I /Ji. /2 ti tU tJ L7 tJ /),, ,?,(7 /Jn / .:z. /] f? tl. If It tJ 0 0 /J.O t9.0 IJ.O /7 /J /Jt) tJ.tJ tJc; /J /7 /7 /J.{? ,.,n t1./) ,? I{/ 1/,J r-?n //.J ?I 17 2/ /I.I/ /J_/J //./.I t7 ,:? 17.0 tJ.o t?.o I 0 I 11.5" 17. IJ tJ.5 0 /', ,,.z./ ao /I/ /I/ /J /(? /17.$ /J_n M,j' ;/ '7 2JI s. .z 5:1, 5" /J S' ?.7 ao 2-7 42 nu (,t I J'.?.9 /t)d, 9'1 f5 ldt/ 5,;.g 4-1..:t /{J(J, / f'-.::t, Nulll>er PerCIIII Number PerC...l OoubHul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoulJlfu Tollll Certain Doubtful Total ,/7?. :?J1 ltJ.7 i'.I li.i 9,J' J/S" 17.t. ?u 21:p /j,Z. ,,,..,,. a~ //},;" .2/. (J 9 .2.1 // 127 II tJ /J /1/J "'·" "1.,:7 -? //] /J. 2, ~t, /J.$ 0 /// ~I /J.O !ll ~ ?5 ;.f. ,,,:z .2.0 ,? ?'77 If.ti /JO 1f.t1 /✓ c,, 2.9 /. I U,/J f59 1.2?/ '7/ I. 2VI IP/J. SIG 7, we? ,:7, JC< lf'v"f /f'.;,(9 Nunt.ier Per Cent Number PerCfnt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Ooubtful Total 0 / //J.O LJ./} /{).L I tJ I ?:/ "./J 7r / tJ I l,,;,o /J. tJ ltl.t J 4· '1 21.t/ 2ft £,M CJ j 5#.tl t20 ?/J.~ 2. ?. (/ kif k/. 1 ?ft, 0 I I//J.O tJO /t).p L7 ,? 0 /J/J /1/J /J./) tJ I? IJ.O t?.t) o. 0 t7 c? /!J 11.0 IJ.tJ /J /J n I? ,?,(J tJO tl.O /J ,, 0 ·tJ.o /J,/J t}.tJ Cl tJ ,1tJ IJ. r; /J.O L7 n 0 CJ.o IJ.tJ tl. a ,? ,? 17.cJ tJ.O {).t) I? tJ n t?.tJ tl. t:l t?.a 0 {) /J.tJ tJ.O 4-,; .2, 0 2, 1./:J /7 /] 1./.1 J' ,/ /tJ.v 1ao 1/tJ,I) ,? /J CJ tJ.{) /J.0 /1.0 .3 /0 ,f(l. tJ .?tJ.17 ltJo. ~ I. IQ ~7,/ 4';_9 /tlO /9 2- Number Percent Number Percent Domtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 17 'U 9.1 fJ /f'.f ,! f? / I 11,u ,/G 75 /A7 IL.J' ~o 33.3 ?, .;- I., // 2.1 tJ 0 /1/J IJ. 0 tJ./J 0 0 4,/J t?.O '1" cJ /t' /t?.f /)_/,) /(J..J' / 4 /.7 11.~ 2.3 0 -?5 $0,/J tl.O ,1/J.O ,:? 5 :?_fl ,!l,/J :?.fl /,,/ Ff..:- il.L'.t .N.i /a>.


=== Page 157 ===

blluahoa 0-Bllloon 3-Lipt Ptlenom. 4-Birds 5-Cloucts. Dust. etc. 6-lnsuffit. klll,. 7-Psydllllo&iCII Total /tJS-t:J 19~/ I Numbet' Per Cent Number PerC811 Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oomtful Total Certain OaubllJI 0-Balloon ? t} 2 9./ /) /J t;_ I . /J /J t) 4/J /1/1 I-Astronomical tJ tl tJ t:'tJ /J/) tJL) / ;? ,/ //].,7 .f',?./J 7-Aircraft i I 9 .?t-~ 4.5 9'P.9 / /J / /t).t) tJ.tJ 3·Li&h1Ptl810m. /) /J /) /)/) /J/) /Jr, L) c> /J ,1/1 ,:l./J 4-Bnds CJ <} tJ /J /) tJt) lo.O /J 0 /J /J./J /J.O ~Cloud~ Dus~ et~ tJ tl tJ /) tJ tJ.t? t). I) I? /J /J /J.tJ t?.tl 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. ,/ tJ t/ l1t2 tJ.tJ Iii / Cl I /,,,, /J. tJ 7-Psychoiogical /J /J /} tl.tl t?_/? /J_I! /J /J t1 tJ.tJ tJ_ tJ &-Unkno11111 ,; tJ ~ 1-??.1 tJ. tJ 11. .5 C) .3 :Jp_p atJ 9-0ll'ler / / ?, u'5 4._,;- 9~ / ,,; I 1/J.P ti. tJ Total 1u £, .t:l "/J. Q 9./ /()(). 1 J //) if,?.t) :J'(J.t) I ~LJ,. VEA~ /4 I"? I Number Per Cent - Percent Evaluahon Certain 0Ollblful Total Certain Oomtful Total Certain Oomlful Total Certain OoubHul ~Balloon I / :?. /...1 /..1' o:. /J /J u t?.tJ /},/J I-Astronomical /,I ;/ f tU 5:/ ,n_.t I? 0 ,., ,..,,., -1" l•Aitcrah j I, , ..18 1~ //.,; 0 Cl /J /}/} 17.tl 3-Li,ttt Phenoa. ? /) s f.f ,? /} JB ,., /J /J /J/J /J_ /J 4-Buds // I 5 5./ I. 3 .t..4 B t? /J /}/') tJ./J ~Cloud~ Ou~ et~ L) /J ,? A.ti ti. ti P.tJ tJ /J p /l,/J tJ. /} 6-lnsuffic. klll,. //} /J ;() 11-1 /).() /1-1 II /J tJ /J,n /J. /J 7-Psydl>lo&iCII .J I ✓ .r. I ,.-7 !,. / / / .t /2.5 /2.5 &-Unlalo• 11 /) 12, ,//}_,; /J_ I) l,/4_~ ~ /J :: //1f: 0,/J 9-0lllei ,, I ~ t. 3 /.3 11.. / /) I /2.t; ,7_,,-; Total /,!, /./ 19 lf2.1 /?. 7 //]~ ,, I ~ fl,f,:; /7.5 19S(J /q,;-/ - Per Cent N- Per Cent Enluahon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! {;ertain Ooulllful Total Certain OoubHul 0-Ballo,n tJ 0 (} tJ.l.l 17, L) 11.0 I.? tJ (} /J_,1 /} /'} 1-Ashonoaical I /} / ,;,,n /J.O E/J.() /) /7 17 /111 /JtJ 2•Ancraft tJ 0 CJ /1/2 /J./7 o.o L) 0 CJ tJ.O /J./J 3-Liptl'IMlloll. /) /J /J /7./J ,1,1 ,J,n Cl 0 /) tUJ /)/) l·Billls /J 1J /} /10 (}_ t1 Cl.I) 0 I I /1/> !ltJ.tJ Hlouds, Ous~et~ /J /J /} /}/} t?./J /,I/) /J L) /J ,1/J 17,{J 6-llsldlit.lltD. /) t1 tl tl.c? 00 o.o I /J I ?,7/J LJ.LJ 7-Psydllllopcal /} tJ t} "7.0 tJ. /) Cl./? ;? 0 (/I /J. () tl.tJ ,._ I 0 / w.o c:ic? 5i:J.O 2.. 0 £, V/1,/) d. /J - u' L} /J t]O t? tl .ao / 0 I <14,: 11.0 ' Total 2. tJ 2,. ltJ()t /1{) I/a?. 4 I !, lc1A.CI IJ/1/1 148 /9~2, Nulmer p., Cent Total ~ertain Ooublful Total Certain Ootmlful /J. /J //J 9 /9 ~r 4.¢ IL"/4,:, t ? //J /.6'" j_9' l//1.C) ¢/ ~, Lu .//J.t. /IJ /J.tJ ~ ~ /tJ _2,,7 J. () t?.tJ u ,: 9 ?./J .,1.5 /J." L) tJ L) LJ." /7.tJ /Cl.O ~; L) ff$ //..3 /9.P t:?.t? t1 ~ :2, /J.0 /.tJ .?P-17 ,:;-, /J 6''1 jf.,7 /J/J /tJ.t ~ / -9 t9 t?.5 /OP /5'tl 5$ 2{):J '&. 9 '2£../ /lfQ I{' Nurttler Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful /J. D I) /J tJ /J.LJ ao /J /J ,., / I /J.CJ 26:0 tP.tl / 0 I 25.t? t1- 0 tJ_,j /J /] /J ,:?_,;; /? /, tJ.O (J /J /} t?,n /JtJ /J_I) /J I? /J ,.,,., /JI? /)_I) / I? I 1,:;_o ,,,, 1A tJ I /} I 25.o tJ.tl 1,7.5 /} t} /) ,,,,., 4/) 12.!, t? /) 0 t?.tl ao /a:1. ..! / 4 11',::- tJ flt;_/) 19,~ Nu- Percent Total =••· Oomllul Total Certain Ooublful n. /J I / ?. 2./ 2.1 /J n r 1 L. lt.4"' ,:._,/ 00 ~ 5 ,7 1¢.' j' /(). t ,, ,1 .7 0 s i.,1/ /), tJ M.O £ 0 .ti¥$ t')_t) t?.P /7 0 0 /J.tJ /J.t) .,,._,,., ,v' LJ ,j i'.5 17.0 ao t} Cl t? /1,, /J./) d/7.I) f/0 tJ ~ ¢?.5' nn !!()./) $, / $ t/.3 .2./ JN, .17 /t7 ¢7 1-t?.1' 111.S Nullbel Total Certain Ooublfu , . .1 ¢.1 J/.~ 5:P ,;,,- tJ.t) 11.J /,() 21.1 1/s 1,7p. Numbef Total Certain Ooubtfu L}./l t1 /) ~,:; /J t? 25.o tJ I t7.e, /J /J t),t:J .z Cl tJo /J 0 2-,:;o ✓ '7 25.tJ / /) /J /, 4' /} /J. tJ I 0 /(K}. /.t.. I Number Total Certain OouWul dz /J,g 11/.f /..// 4.1 /J.tl (?~ /J,/J ,~.6 l..'1 ✓✓?A PerCe1t Total Certain OoubHul /94"'9 PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful /J /1/1 tJ,/} 0 /J /) /J. t1 I /7./J '1. -7 /J tl.O IJ./J :t. 15.// /J.LJ /, /J./) /J. t1 t/ ?A.R ().t) / '7 ? /1,/J ti .,~_5? /7,/) / 'f.7 t?.O /.i' fi2.3 '1.7 Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Total /?/'l 17.,,; '/. '1 t}.t) ll~-41 /J.t) ~o.t 7. 7 ?nfl 7.' lot>. Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 158 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ; Enluahoo 0-8111000 1-Astftlnollical 2-Ai,alfl 3-Li;,tl'IIIIIOII. 4-Birds $,Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic."tt. 7,Psydmlo~cat ·Unlulo• 9-oa,,. Total I Evaluation II-Balloon l·A-icat 2-Airmlt 3-Liat,t Pllenom. 4-Birds 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. 7-Psychololic.al a-u-... 9-0tlle, Talat Certain 41 1¢ .J' .1 J /J // tJ t z .It Certain 1? 2. /} t} /} /} I} 0 0 I .f . /11///f? /11..1.. t/c1US rt,mber Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I '5 ?.'f /!( I.I I 15 255 If{ 113 41 ? 5r/ ;U /.?.7 I _j' fl. /.ft ,,:-,J tl J s:~ tl.O ,cg /J tJ ,a,:; /}/J /1/J t? // 1'/J.tJ tJ.CJ &}.t) I I tJtJ /. f1 I! t? f< 1;4/';;;- t?O //JG 0 ,t, n. tl. tJ f.l. .i' 55 IA'C5 /l(,,; /P,,. 1tJ,t,'J Number PerCeot Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /J /J 17.tJ ao 117.0 £) ,t, l~t.1 tJ.O 16L. 'J ,J ,? /1,/, /),J') /) /l tJ IJ ,?n IJ. () /J. 15 /J /) /J,/) /J /) /1. 0 tJ (l /)/J /J.,? ,? /J tJ /J 1'7.t) /},? tl.O 0 /J rJ.17 0.0 /1.0 tJ tJ /1.0 t?.0 o.o 0 I 11! /1.0 J'U /J .J' ltl?." o.o I/O/J. e~ &7,F Pd./<Fi!r.5 Pe.e ,,t?.r7 Nmber PerCml ertain Doul>llul Tola! Cortain Doulltful Total I /J /1?5/J /J /} ,J,:; I / u I .?5:o 0,/J '71: /J I? ,? /J /Jn 'l" nn tJ /} /J .,,,, /1/J ~,., 17 /} /J /).IJ /),, "l"' /J /2 /J ,,,,, /7_ /J /J/J :2. ,r;· :2. 6PtJ /1,11 /oil/) /J ,? /J /7_/J 11.IJ /J n 17 0 ,IJ /J.IJ /J. {) ,,,., 17 .tl /7 ~,, /J.O /1,/J Q CJ ef l(?/).l CJ./) ft¥). /9',/ Number Per Cent Certair. Oocmtlul Total Cortain Doubtful Tobi /J /J tJ 0./J /J./} o.o ,? 0 tJ /1_/) /2/J 0.0 /) I / IJ.O .J'.1- '; ~?3 ,? a 0 /J./J /)n tJ.IJ t? LJ /J 17./J lltJ tlO /J tJ /J 0.0 CJ.tJ /JJ) ~ t7 .2 l/.1..' ~17 l.1.L.J t? t7 /J /1,1, 1"7.0 1'20 tl Cl /J /J.O 0. tJ CJ.,? /J t7 n /J.O ,? 0 00 .2, I J' IV-.7 .f'J.:J Va?. 149 Fe;f ,4,t.L. S/t;#T//1,~ /J/vMdE.e &7r CJ4JGt!.7'.5 ,1,,Pr SrA,BP /9,1/j' /?</~ Number Per Cent - Per Cent main Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total L/ ,? 0 ,,,_,., tJ.tJ 17,t) ,,:J CJ /J dtJ lt1.L1 ,(}.t) /7 / / /J,IJ I ?,;;,o 16:t) :f!_ /J 2, £S:I. /J.Cl ?fr t, /7 /} t? /J,(J /J/J 17.IJ /7 17 ,,, AA /J,IJ 11A /? / I /7.n 26:0 ?£.tJ /7 0 /7 17./J ,tl.t) /1/J /7 /2 t? "'/} tl /} t?,/J 17 /7 /] /J,/J /J.t) ~,., 17 /) I} /J /J /JI> /J, /J I? 17 /J (1.1) l?.o (:?.,t) 2, tJ ?. O.tJ st),/) r,,, ? /J ,; ~, t?,'/J 21.~ 17 /} 17 /7.,-; t?IJ l'llJ /J 0 17 /7_'1 t7_t) ao CJ Cl tJ /J /J /J/1 l'J.() J' CJ JILl?.4 t).t) 4;,9 CJ t? tJ /J /I /J IJ /J.o 17 /? /] ,,, ,, .,,_,,, /J. t) 2, £. ✓ fl}.() 51).t) ltld 1' tJ ~ 1111>1) /J.() /t)(). ,,,:;~::z., Nun>er Per Cent Nuaber PerCmt certain _, Total Certain Dodrtfut Talat Cortaia Ooubtfu Total Cortaia llarbtlrl Total f / ef Jl.i' ~.9 1//.7 9 ,? 9 2t.,; O.t7 2t.5 .. ? L L~ i'.R /'};~ ?, ,? .2 ,,_ 9 /)_,O t:.9 .J' /,/ ? s. 9' ti?.o K.i ,? /7 ,? ;?_,:J ,:J.CJ ,,,_,, 7 t7 J JH' e?.t:7 .a CJ / / ,,,_,., ~.9 ?.-? ~ ,? ... n/-, 0.,:J 1,l? / t:? / :?.9 (?./7 ,2.9 , 2? 5 .f'~ IS',6:.1 /4~ /Pt7.


=== Page 159 ===

Evaluahon ,0-Billoon ,. I-Astronomical 1----r- 12-Ancrlft 3-Li&fll Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lntt. 7-Psydlololical a.-- t-Olller Tolol Evaluahon 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Liatit Ptlenom. 4-Birds ~Clood~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuHit. lnfa. I-Psychological 8-Unk.no.11 9-0llle, I Total Evaluation 0-S.lloon l•Asbonomical ?·Aircraft 3-Li&fill'li-. 4--Birds 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic."to. l•Psydlololical l,lJnkno., t-Olher Toi~ Evalualioo 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aucratt Hi&fill'h<nom. t-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffi~ "'"'· 7-Psydloloa,cat a.Unkno.. - Tolol f',94L.e E l(m 1//17/t>IV t?F t'JA un:r SIGN'~T,~t=d(~G~S~-~6~e=,,r~-11~"-="-~-f1~1!c"-A='.R~=5__~d'~f'~------ #(/,U#J;L t'JF t'Jd.lc/!75 Rt~ 5/G,¥-r/A ✓ G • cl,1/£ t?.R✓Ee.r • "7/]r, /. /?4"7 / /?q rt /?<!'9 ,.,_ PttCent N1111ber Per Cent Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Cerhon Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doobtful Total ~ertain llolmtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoulJlful Total ,,v. "'" 2U ,,aff 1..1 11-: < /} 5 Ill (J,() /I. I /1.l /0 2/J h %.1 117.'4 //) 2, /.:,. t.? /J/ ~.J' ,t,IR 1n l/2t. ;,;:t Jtl. 9 tt.1 '1 "/j' I,,::,:; /f.:J 21.9 -,,: ,., ,/,, t/1 /t.,,:; JU ,,,~ &:''J ?'.;- /"5,/f .!5.S ~1.t IN IV~ 117 1P t, $7 /9..S /J ,,_ .t /1/1 d,/ ¢.<I ~ ,<I /1 'l'f ?.S' /I. .1 /'> L :2/ //.l.J I;// 1¢.// 11 1 1<1 /1.l IN' 1.¢ ?_ /} 2. Q./,1 11.tJ ¢.~ / () I J?.9 0.0 tl. 9 n 0 /) /) /J /J./J AA I I t, /J./ tl.l 02 /) /) /} ,,,,, /J.tJ /J/. I / 2. /J. 9 0.9 1.i ;? 0 0 tJ.P ~/) /1,/1 j 7 1/J /J. t, /J.Q /)_£, /) /) /J /J.tJ /J /J IJ.O /) () 0 1'7.0 .tUJ 0. tJ /3 0 tJ /J.tJ 'i" IJ.() /1.f O ,1.9 ,a/ ,,,, /1)1 &;' () ,; //./ tJ.(l //./ /I;/ 17 /I/ 11.t. tlo 12 ..z /h /; /I. //.1.l O.t? //.tl 'Jfi :5 ?I /. 7 IJ.:2. 1.9 2. /) 2.1#-'4" &.IJ ,u /J .t? 0 /).tJ ~l.l ().() / 0 I ,a7 an A. "7 2f1 I) -,,;,, ;it tJ.t? 1r.t /t? l.l //] 112.:2. ti.tl ?'1.7 ,✓ ;? 1<1 /t.2 /J.P /J.t 1,;- n /_t:; ,n_g l.l/J //1,./ ,;? /~ '1; :!. ,; I.I ¢.t, " /) I. 11.J IJ.tl /f.1 .2 ,<I '1 2.t 3.!, t..l ,; 0 5 ?u /;l.t) .?.4' //1,J 1/U 1/.Jt 11 ~ 2f_ 5 /()O .11 % o/"5' l<f'j( 2 11. f la! 11 J'f 115 1 ✓• ... 17 .If.() ,,,,, R5 ~t? /~ sf.1 ///. .7 I/a;>. ,0,.-/1 /95/ /f.5"2,, Number Per Cent Number PerC01I Nud>er Per Cent Nomber Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doll>llul Total Certain Doubtful Total ~erlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu Total Certain Ooublful Total IR QflZ /.t.9 ?.9 l!i.i " .J' // ?.f 1'. 9 ,n.1 1/9,:- 40 2/5 //.5 $.5 19.!I -,,/ Fl SI 11.I /(). I) 21 I /t; // !2L. F/.1 //J.1 2i>.S /"!;<,' ?'L 2 ?/ /,:// '/.'O 2,/. I ,ti '/ 'JI //}./) !,,/J /S.O ,✓ L U) /.1.7 "-' /9L in,o 1/J! t//'o //.2. l,?J 22-t /J /J 0 /2() Ot? 0.0 I / :1_ I.ti /.tJ 2.o /~ L d /2, ,,,, I./ /) 0 tJ ll. tJ tl.t? /J. tJ 0 0 /J tJ.cJ &. v tJ./) d 0 {l /1/1 12 /J ,?...-; /) 0 0 ,,n tlo tl.o /} 17 tJ tJ.tJ 17./J /J, /] ? ?' ,,,, 17. ~ a, /J.9 ,,, tJ 21 1s:tJ tJ.{} /5t> 117 0 //J n 120 n /17.1 " ,,,.7 P.5 tl.P 1-5 2, 0 2, 1.t.1 IJ.0 1.t.l I I 2, 1/J u1 ?.P ~,, z 2,/ ?.tl d.?. ?.Z .JI tJ .11 ~t./ IJ.O 22.I 27 t> 27 .?t.S tJ. I) 11,.5 ,,,,,,, ,?!'7/Jt> ii.¢ /}n If(/ .7 z 5 2./ /.<I .7.!i. t.l /) ',/ ?. 9 c.?. t) .7.9 ,U . I~ 41 .J.J' ;./ 4¥ /1.J 21 /.,/O ltJ.-t l?..5 /al. ~tJ 22, lt>Z '19,// 21.1, /0,,, 114' ,J/1 ltJn 11.'/' ??,t /tJtJ. ll.17 ,SfGttff/1/G S: dY ~rfiL. ,J::I✓/'? /9,/fi' t.?<V.9 Number Percent Nuniler PerCmt Nullmer Per Cent Numbl!r Per Cail Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dowllul Total Certain -Hui Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu Total certain IJoublful Total 17 /II .?I $1 ?'/ l!i. i 0 0 tJ IJ.tJ tJ.t' t1.,:; / ,,, I /( I /1/1 /I. I / /J I '1'7 t?./J ?''1 ~ II 17 f/ 5: I, R.,, I '7. .f Jt/.1 2;',1, //2.f /J t7 t7 /J /] 11.6 0.6 :l 1' t, LJ./ 21.I 1//..2 ,v,, .71 '11 M¥" /5:i .i'L.t. I ;? I 11/.S /1,/1 1f(.1 1 /J J j'.f.1 /Z 0 f'I'.~ ?. :2 ,:/ /S:~ /5J/ .!tJ.I v '}, I, ?/J 1./J f.lJ /J /J t? /J.() ~n n,: / /) I II./ /J.t) /I. I /} ,., t? ,,, ,, 11./J /J. I} /J /) /J./J IJ./, /} I} /J 0 tJ /)I) 17./J n,, ;? ,'; 17 /J.IJ /Jn nn /'7 t:J /,J (l.lJ ~- tJ.,'. /J /J I} ().t) /J.17 /J. /J t? t'J /? ,..,_.,., /J.IJ /!,I} ;? tJ t) /JA /}/] ,,,, /} /} /7 t1.IJ 4-tJ dtJ d 0 Ii ?.t tJ.(l 9.2. t7 CJ tl I}/) /J,/J /J.() t? tJ tl /},() ,,, /J t:7.IJ IJ /J 17 d.n t:1.t? 1217 f I ;/ t 5 /),:; 2.tJ /J CJ 0 IJ.I) t!l.t) tJ.tJ 0 ,,, t) /J,/J /} /) "!n /} l'7 t? /J/1 t).LJ LJ.tJ t1 I} 31 112'9 /J./J ;r.9 I 0 / /t/.J /J.1) /t/J CJ CJ t) rJ.tJ IJ.t) /JI'} fl_ /J Z /5¢ CJ.I) 15'.4 9 1 d, qi, J.5 /,,,I 2. tJ t. 2K.t IJ.0 ?i't. I J // 11./ .55.J //t/~ 0 /) t? J?.O /1.,, l!.?.tl ;JI/ &,2- /91, /,,ff/I .7/t IM. 5' 1. 1 1/4 2.~1, //JD. I. 5 9 l&-£.1 .!f..! /PP. £ 5' u t.1.5' .14'.5 /tJ(). i?S.7 11'9 /95::Z.. - PerCmt Number PerCenl Number Percent N,_ Per Cent Cert•• Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! ~ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doobllul Total ....;. Dowtful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certlin DoulJllul Toi~ / /) I /17./J /J.tJ /tJ.O /J 0 /J tl./9 /J.O 10.n /I/ id ?R 4/7 9.0 IJ?~ /} /} 0 /1J? 17./J IJ,(J /) ;? /) /J,/J t}. t? o.o fl_ I, f /.$ :n:; 6..t I/ I .,,- /,l'tl,O I/J.t:J 1..-1.10 ;? /} 0 11.0 /J.tJ tJ.I) ft'J '21 5x /9.// /{i' / .J?.5 /J 0 0 tJ.tl tl./J /J.O .,., ,,, /] /J,/J /}/J 11'7./l , 2. !, /.9 1.1 .£2 /) 0 /J tJ.o O.u /J. /} /) 0 /J /J./,1 /J./J CJ,/J n (J 17 ,u, /J./. t).n /J /} 0 0./J /J./J ~,,, I? ,:J n /J.O /J.o /} 0 /J 0 /J IJ.0 /J.t; IJ.O I /J I ,nn CJ.o 1/tJ.() /J 0 0 /J.n O.P /J./J l'1 t:J /1 /It? d.l.l 1/.l.l ,'J 0 t) /J /J tUJ n.n /J /J 19 /JO /Jn t).t) .f I 4 19 t1.I. 2.5 2,. 0 z 'JJJ,IJ /J. /) i-?,?,;, I 0 I 5(),0 /}.,J ,;I).() ?, 0 .?/ 2()17 ~.,., :2/V / 0 / ,•'{J.{; tJ. (J /o.o / /,J I '51)./1 IJ. tJ 5/J.ll </ ;? LI 2.1. ,?,I} 2.t. , I //] ltJ./J /().(7 ,,,,, :v t) 2, ltBJl(J t?. 17 IM Jpt/ ',/ 15'!, IL~/ 52.! /PO, 150 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 160 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I .z:d,W: l;J/,,?L t//fr/(24( ,jl/lM4eL, CJ,F- I 1/)f 4(.. I Humbel Per Cent Number Evaluit1on Certain, Doubtful Total Certain Ooublful, Total icertain Doubtful 0-Balloon //} '7 ;1 .5':9 :? 7 I 1.. c I 0 •· I-Aslronom1cal ,, 12 ;1 }'.t) ,.;.., J..1 /J n -· 2-Aircratt 4-'",, 21 '11 //{ /} /tU, 1st I 0 3-L•&hl Pttenom. 4 $ 12, J.(,, 11 t/7 /J 0 4-Birds ~ Ji' 11 :? I} 1/ .t;_/ /J /1 S-Clouds, Ousl etc. 0 CJ tJ /J/J IJ.CJ J?. 11 /J ,!J S-tnsuffic.-.fD. .?</ tJ 1,/ /:',? IJ.tJ /./'.5 !, I? 7-Psydl>lofcal / _g ;/ JJ.1/ ;.Z, /.t. tJ I 8-Unkno.., 7'/) a ;'t? j'f(/ ,,,, 'J,f.1/ 7 /) 9-0llle, /.? ? /~ s:/ /J /{ :i'.? j I? Total tit t,1 15!: :15.7 11..J /n,, 11 I 1f.&:?! I Number Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful ~Balloon 2 0 £ 1?,5 IJ. /J t?.5 ,:J I) I-Astronomic.al /) ,., tJ ,'}J, /J /) /J /J / I 2•Aircraft I/ I 5 1~() L '? .JI .1 I /?. 13-Lipt PhfflOm. t? 0 ,., J::/, /J, .0 "'I) /) 0 ;4-Bnds /J 0 /J t? tJ IJ. IJ ,?.t /7 I? !s-cloud~ Dus~ et~ ,J i? (J 0() 0/J /JO /) 0 ls-1nsuffic.lnfo. :?. 0 z ti.!> /JO 112.5 I a !7-Psychologic.al 0 I? tJ ,7_/) /),/) JJ. IJ 17 0 1 8-Unkno'MI ,:;- /) 5 .l/. 2- JJ 17 11.1. .5 0 9-0thei I I 2, I. q L 1 11.1, I /7 Total 11/ z It $1, 12.; /()/}. '1 s tU,f I '1"t:Jr.,11 I Number Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doimtful 0.Batloon I I 2 /.5" /.5 .?tJ /J n I-Astronomic.al ✓ f 7 ,u ,/.5 IOI. /,J ,,, 2•Aircraft .2. L $ 5CJ 9 I ;?,/ {/ Cl 3-Light PhfflOm. .? CJ j ,./.5 11. /J ./,5 CJ 0 4-Birds s I ,/ lv.s- /.5' L.,t? tJ 0 S-Clouds, Oust. etc. /) /J /J tJ. t? /J.tJ tJ. tJ 0 0 6-lnsuffic.-.fo. ,f t7 I? d./ /J. tJ it.I 0 0 7-Psycholoaical ...? I ✓ ✓ .!i /.5 ,(, t I I 8-Unkno'MI 2!> Cl 26' .1/.9 t).(J .1'/.? // 0 9--0ther I( / 5 /./ 1.5 ·;:t, ,,, t) Tot~ 5.J 13 tt J'(J.3 ;</, 7' la'• s I If' Si? r.,mbel Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful 0-Balloon /) /7 0 .,,,, /J. /) /J, /) 17 /7 I-Astronomical I /J I A'7?_/) IJ.tJ l-"11,0 t7 tJ 2-Aucratt 0 tJ 0 tJc.) n. ,1 /J. /) 0 t7 H1jMPh-. /J tJ t? /J./J /J. /) /J.o 0 /7 4-Birds t) 0 /) /l I) 0.0 I/J. O 0 I S-Clouds, Oust, etc. /) 0 n ,J :; J?./J "7.tJ t? /7 6-lnStJffic. •to. 11 0 /) C/IJ l?,/J l?./J / 0 7-Psycto~pCII /J /) 11 /}. 0 /J./J lo.n C t? 1-Unkno.., , /J I •S7711 /) /) 50./. '7 tJ 9-01111< 0 /) a A/J /), J? o. /) I /) T~ 1, /J !]. Voo.o ().(} !Oil 4 I - 19./7 Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful I S. t. Cl t? (J /J./J /J tJ I J;'t tl.tJ tJ /J,I) 1'1.JJ /J /J.JJ JJ.t) 17 tl.tJ tJ,tJ ~ 218 0./J I t?. (J 5. f, 7 -M.9 {J./J 1 /1,,.7 (}./J I! r✓I 5./4 i~S/ Per Cent Total Certain Doobtful C, tJ.O 0./J ,; /(I.{) .JCJ.JJ I 111.1) /}, 11 (J tJ,O .,, 0 ,, I) IJ. I) /J /J.O /J. I) / '"'.I) 11 I) 0 t)./J O.P .5' Jt),/, /J,/} I 1/J /, n. 11 II? ~,, ?/J,{) /l?',/7 PerCmt Total Certain Doobtful /; ~,, /)JJ t? /J.11 /l_/J t7 (}./' n,J? 0 ,.,,,, tJ.{l 0 tJ.t) /J.IJ () {).r:J ().tJ 0 00 (}.tJ 2. IL. -t II.. 1 4 1.1..'1 17. /J tJ tl.O /J.O t., 111 /1..1 /9!i'/ PerCenl Total Certain Doubtful J? /4(? "'·"' /J ,,,_,,, J?.i:J tJ /),/} (J,0 (J &tJ /J.O I &o ~tl.C, JJ /?.t) J?. t:, I 2tl. tJ t1. tJ ,,, ,,,,/) tJ.O t, U/1~ (J tJ ' ..,,tJ //, I) s i~.6 1&0 151 141/i /9,'/9 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ S. L I /) I 9. I /J. tJ fl t} // tJ /JtJ /J.t? tl.O /J./J a :2. :? /JJJ /i'.,t v.f. .t / 0 I I. -t t?.d /,.,7 s.t. 2. CJ 2, /f.,2 0.(J li.t / J ;/ ,(,y Mt? 2t..? /J.O /J '7. :2, t?.tJ 1r.t /f?.,t /1 ~ i7 /1 /) ,?.O ,a,c, 0.0 I ~ .? 9.1 12.t 12'7../ t? I I ~tJ /,.. 7 -(,.? t).IJ /J tJ tJ ~I ,?./) ~n /J /.1- tJ "i"' /J,t:J £it.: 11K CJ tJ /) JY.t? t:J.I) J?.J) ,;;- t;) S' h.t (?.() .!J'. ~ ,;, t, 0 I? ,J tl.O 11. 11 ,,,,, / t7 I /..-, n. a "'·' .-1_9 I 0 I 9.1 IJn 91 ..? 0 J 17/1.0 a.o :?LJ. {J //,1 0 tJ /1 ,,, /J 0 tJ 0. {J Cl I? /) IJ.t? t). tJ 0.0 /{}(). 5 t., // 4"5.5 9/.s //]/). // 4" 15 1t. 3 2t..7 l/1/J, /,?5:2, Nurrtier Per Cent Number PerCmt Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Owbtful Total n.o £, 1 /.1 J.2 .?.S 7.tl d,i,IJ I 7 /A /.£. J'.lf 5',¢ in.() .1'1 2.J' 1./J :/(I.() /1,,/ .1~.~ /),, .t,/ L 10 2-t J'.2. S¢ /) 11 ✓ < 9 1.t 2. '7' ,/.7 IJ. {J 0 t7 (l 0. tJ ,,,,tJ tJ.tJ "·" 2J I? 21 1/. :J /J. (J //.:J /}./) ,,;, :t. 2 J?.tJ /./ /.I ?~/) 5'/ n SI 27.5 (1.(J 12;(5 l,nn i' I 9 4.J //.<' u.! '""· IN 5'/ lfG 7:?.G 1'15 /(JIJ. /9<,1~ /~,{/9 Nurrtier Pe<Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Owbtful Total ,,.,, 4 I? (l atJ t).t) /J,O tJ 0 0 IJ./) ~-17 IJ. (l /J.I) /J I I /J.IJ 15.0 :15.(J l'7 /J tJ /J /J CJ. tJ tJ. t; /ln / /7 / 25:tJ O.n ts.o 0 / I 11 n /?,,:; /~,,; tJ.O /7 t7 /J J?ll J?./) 0.0 J? I? b /J/l J?. J? tU> /1n t? J? 0 tJ.O 0.0 /J.O '7 // 2 25.o /J, /) 2!i.lJ .,,,.., ;:) Cl tJ /J,/J /J.t) 17,6 JJ /7 0 ~,., ,,,_,, 0.6 t?.11 / 0 I 25.0 /1/J ;?s.n 2- 0 '7 .15'./J /l /1 '7,;/) fJ.1,1 / t7 I 25.tJ /JO :!5./) / r7 I l.t.5 ..,~ /t,5 I.I.. 7 0 /7 tJ IJ. tJ 11. /) /JI) / C7 I 12.5 /J/l l?.!i 0./) t7 t? Cl ,,, I? tJ. (} /J.O / t? I • 7 " /),/) ,t.s /()IJ. 3 I ;/ I '1£-tJ 25.0 /p{J. '1 / I? 1.8'~ G l'l,5' //'VJ, /9, Z- Number Percent Number Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ tJ.,:> I / t ?.d 2.u .I.R IJ./) J 2.. 5 '1.3 ,; ~ 11.2 /J,(? I 5 it 2.(/ 12. t I</. t 11 /) ..1 tJ .5' '1.J (P.O 7.1 '1/J.1 / /7 I vi tJ.(1 :?,,/ /), /) Cl 0 J'J O.tl tJ.tJ tJ.() :M.tJ 4" 0 ,/ f,f? /J. tJ ~8' /J.O t? 0 ,,, /).CJ d.t? tJ,P sl/J.JJ /'7' 0 I 'f ti/.~ 11.(;J 1/1.£ '7(J.tl 2, / f ,/,1 2.✓ '1.? /PO. ..?t 9 I(/ 1-tKO 12.o ;tJ;,.


=== Page 161 ===

11///AA; ',:-,, !C" ?l ·,c,,,rs ALL ~Al< /(2,/-;, ! Number Per Cent Number Per Cent EYlluahon CertJo, Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total certa, Doubtful Total !0-e.11000 ..7 I ,/ /,!, 2.2. i 7 / ,,, I .1JJ /J /) h.1 .l-Ast10111111C1I // / /1,. 21.9 -?.2. I ?t,., ,,, ,? I) .,, /J /J. /J -<! " ,. !2-Aircrlft ? 2 5 /_,:C f(r I ,/J ~ ,,, ,? tl /) /J /J. () /7./J :1-L,;,1 PINnoa,. 2. I .Jl./:J '1,,2 ,,,_,,. Cl /1 I? ,, 17 /J. tJ /J,., 4-Birds _? /) 3 to 5' /J. () /,-£; /} t:J ,., 4tJ ,,,., /JJ; S-Cloods, Dus~ et~ /, 0 0 /J.O ,, /J /J.() /J t? tJ tJ.tl /Jn ,,,, ~lnsulli~ •1>. // I? // 2H i'J. t:J 21. 9 2., t7 t, IU.?' ,?_£) 1,,_,. 7-Psydlolo~cal Cl / I /J. ~ ?. 2 ?.t /J /) /1 /J.t) 0. p /J,, .._ :;- 0 ,; ;/J. (J (J. p ,,, Q ,::1 /1 /J ,fl.(J 0./J (7.17 ~ :z () z u., "· ,1 ,u tJ ,P 0 /Jn /J_ tJ /Jn Total ✓ o t f"t. g7.p l?.tJ /PO. .3 () .3 /l)p.t) tJ.tJ //10. I /I?," /12 1/ I Number Percent Number Per Cent i Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doll>tful Tolal Certain 0...btlul Tolal IO-Balloon /} /1 tl ..,,, /J.,; /J /J /} ,? /J /J./) /'J.tJ 0,0 !1-Astrooomical /'J /J /J /) tJ 17.b tl.O /) 0 /J ,,_,,, /1_ /J l?.O i2-Aircrafl ., /J ,, /} /', /J Cl /J.o /J /} n ,?,I? n.lJ n." ;~·Li&hlPl'lenom. 0 17 /) /J_/J /J./) ,? 0 I? !? /J It?. t7 ,?CJ /J_/ 4-Buds 0 /} /} /1_/; 0. /} /10 /) /1 /J O.t:J /'J.Cl /) ,., 1 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. /J /} 0 /J./J /)/) /20 tJ 17 ,? ln.lJ /1. /. /?,/) 6--lnsuffic.lnfo. /) /} /} /J. Cl ().!? tJ. Cl ?. t.J t. 't)!J.t) /J./;7 10.,., ~7-Psycholo11cal /} /} 0 /J.1' ~,, t}_I') Cl /) ,., OJ'. /J./7 (J./'J 1 8-Unkno"" 0 17 p tJ./J /1,? ~,; /J t? n ,,., "·.,, A~ 19--0111., I /) I //1'}./, /JO IMA.O /J /) /J ,,,., ,,,,., ,..,,, I Total I 0 I /t),?.t /) /J '""· t. 0 ?. Wot p./1 /OP. 152 iE".t' S/6, T//J/G ,II. ~ t:?r :.;~ .rs 11/t?, 5', - d,;//" /.~" Number Per Cent Nun>er Per Cent Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total eert,i, o ... btruI Tolal Certain Doubtful Total /, /) cl /)/) /J. /, ;?_,; /J /) () "- /J.I') /J.,'; ,? / I ,,,, "rt) 2.50 ? /) t, lu,,_1,1 /J.I) 14'.i.o ,,, ,? J'J /1_,? 1/J.o n_/'J ,? t7 tl /}.f) /J./J /J, /; tJ / ',I ,,,_,., 25-tJ ?,co /1 /J /) tJ.t) at /J.I ,? . ·i? /) C/.o /J/1 n.l) ,? 0 ,, ll.(J. /), t) 0.() ,,, t? () /J_/J ,.,_,., 1,-,_tJ tl /1 ,., /J.t) 0./J tJ. I} ?. tJ 11. IA"O.t. ""·" rA, ? /J ?_ 4/J.{) {). t) 1~-0 17 t) /} /1, /; /1.t? "-/J /J /1 /J ,,,, /1. /) l'J. 0 0 /J 0 "'-0 tJ.,., /J_t) / t7 I ,,,,_IJ 0./) t1u. 0 /) CJ I /J. I? /J.t) /)_/J /) /1 /1 /1_/J 0. I} o.o :z :Z ✓ 5().l 5~.o /{JO. 5 /J ,_ l/011 /I o.o 1/011. /t2C2, NullDer Per Cent Number PerC<nt ertain lloobtful Tolal Certain Doll>llul Total Certa, Doubtfu Total Cerbin lloobtlul Totol 2, I .J' t,.5 ..1..2. ~,,. r; ,,, r; 290 /J,,, 1~t1 ? ~ 5 ?.? I..G 111...z ? /} :z 11.5 /7,I? 1£..§ .J' .,, g 4_'? tJ. tJ 1/.1 !? /1 /} /J./J /'J./,J /J.n .J' /7 ? q_-1 /1.tl t?_-t /} / / tJ. t) .7.? ?.Z d ,, ,/ , .... /J_/7 ;Z-9 / 0 /' 2..Z. /J.0 .!.Z 21 ¢' .V t7rl J ,1.0 J()ll. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 162 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enlation IH!11lloao l•AstKlnl:Nlical 2-Aucnft Hilllll'llenoa. 4-Bilds H!Oldl,Dast,etc. .._ ..... _ :1-l'lydlolo&iCII .. _ 9-0tllor Tobi Enluation 11-Blllloon 1-A-iCllt l•Aircnlt Hi&f,tPh-. 4-Birds ~loud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic. mto. 7-Psydlolopal 8-Unkno• 9-0lller Totlll Evaluation 11-Blllloon l•Astiononlical 2•Aircraft 3-Li&f'lt Phenoa. 4-Birds ~loud~ Dust, etc. 6-lnsuff,c.klfo. 7:Psydlolo~al 11-Unlulo• 9-0lller Totlll Enluation 11-Bolloon 1-AslJDnoolic:al 2-Airtrlft Hilllll'llenoa. 4--Bifds $-Clouds,Dust,et~ 6--ic. llllo. 7-l'lydlolo&iCII .___ - Total llt.L s S&CJJNO.'r AHP ,1.flJ' - Per Cent Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tobi 1 7 IP o., /.t. 13 /1/J /fJ 28/, JV 3:l. 7 (f.'I 28 3. fl 5& C 't ('I !U 1 ' f- O 5 0 ,; I.O 1 'f fl q5 0 'I /. 'f I I i "-l 0.2 O.lf !'I () If 'f.3 0, 0 f. 3 2 0 :l o.5 Oo o. 5 19 (7 Jf 8.' 0.0 gr, I 0 3 /'3 :n o. 7 3.0 '11( 'J tfH '117 i;i 7.i 'tH I 10. 6'/ S£cp,vos -.S-~NvrF:S Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi H 'r-3 108 12. !5 11.J /I I t, -:l 7 -;;.1 3. I fJ 77 {,/ IJB 1n. 17.f) n2 7 If ti /.If P.O ?1 I 0 I 0. ';/ 0.0 0 '2. I 7 (J 0 2. l.'t /. I, i'-1' (J If 't f. 7 0 0 8-7 c; f 9 /. () ().{/ J.e / If I 0 in 17 (, 0. 0 27.1, 19 3 :12 3. 7 o., '-f. '3 370 tJB fdP 7U 27.'l /IP. ,S-Jlf'"C,,,YP.5 ~tY,I LESS Number Per Cent Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi 0 0 /} O.P O.D o.u q I I~ 81.B '1./ 10.'f 0 0 ll u n., O. I 0 0 a o.o o.o o. 0 0 0 0 Q.0 0.0 o. n {I 0 0 0,0 0.1 o. 0 tJ () () o.o O.P 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 0.0 o.o () 0 0 o.O 00 o.o I 0 I 9. I 00 f./ /(} I II 91.1 '-1 Ill, 6/0FCMDS ,S-Af,wtlTFS' - t"etCenl Certain 00.btful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tobi ~ /; -< 20.0 0.0 1!1.0 ~ t) (;1 OD 0.0 q_o /) I', " Oil o.o Q.O I ,:) / /0, 0 /JO /0. 0 II /J d Q,Q 00 o.o tJ ,1 0 Q.O o.o Q.0 ~ ,:J ~ 10.0 O.o :/0.0 II " (/ o.o Q,O 0.11 ✓ t) t/ tfO.O 00 ! 1/00 / 0 I /P.O 0.0 no Id tJ /{) JoP. o. 0 /QO, /,e-#.e~ 1.,-/() S£t!t7AIJ15 Number Per Cent ~ertain Ooubllul Tobi Certain Doubtful Total 3 $ 8 /8 3. 0 lf.8 #II 28 7i 1t 3 ,,.a t; J. I 1.., I Jj 38 l'f.'f i.'I 128 I Jf ~ o. t 2.'I 3. 0 I I l o., Q. I, ,.i 0 0 D 0, 0 0.0 0.0 q q ' 5.4 0.0 f.Jt fl 0 0 0.0 0.0 O.~ 11 0 3 / Jf.6 0.0 13-' 'l 0 2. /. 2 O.tJ /. i /IS f2 I ,7 ,M 3/./ I JO. t - .i't7 /11/A'VTES - PerCeot Certllin Doubtful Total Cerlaill - Tollll tr:J -,;o //I) I{. I, II. 0 2t.t 11'1. /'j /.,(J 8.2 3.2 II I/ 1,1 ◄ L3 l!Ph f 'J /1, 0 ~0.2 J5 L ::11 1.9 I. I J. p ~ I I u 0. 2 o. 7 .? ~ ( ot O.li /. 0 ,:zQ j '31 7.,, o.n 7-lf JI ~ // 2.1 O.I) -:;. I IJ9 o !It? nG 0.0 1H ;,;, 9 ~j 3. 0 /. 7 /./-. 7 ",71 JO, ,...,,., 7/1.'f 2'!.• /PO. 6-/t? Seco,v175 Number PerC..I Certain Doubtfu Total Certllin Doubtful Total /J 0 tJ /)I) tJ) ,11! 6 ,z_ ff ~o $0 /tM./J £) C) CJ /J.u IJ.tJ t'){J /) tJ CJ tJ.{) ,:J,O tJ.{) f) ;J ;) t7I) /'J./ fJ.t J /) /,) {J.{) ~t ,:Jt 0 /) /} ,1/J (/~ l{/J 0 I) 0 Ol ~o [).{) 0 t, 0 lln ~o t?./) 0 (, u ,1.{; t?.O tNJ 6 ? 'i? 7S-:tJ ,:isc, ltlf. /;- _,, ,-,,1ilfll1£S N1111be1 Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,1 /) ~ 0,(1 o.o o.n ,,, /) {/ O.o 0.0 0.0 C) /? {) Q.q 0.1 b.Q /1 () (J o.o 0./J O.Q /I /, /) o.o 0.0 0.0 (i ,., d o.o 0.0 0.0 ~ ;; j (0 O o.o ,o.o ,1 /) /) 0,0 0.1 0. 0 ~ Q :l lfO.O 0.0 lfD.O Cl 0 () o.o Q.O o.o ,S IJ .f /00.0 o.o /00. 153 //-3t? Sb"D.,PS -::I/- 6() S4cowps Number PerCeot - Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tota i 11 I 'I 'U I/.,; 7. I 'f // 20 'I. t S.? /0.2 lit I 7 n 17. '+ (.'f :211 If I (I 25" 7. 7 !. I nil '" :u 81 /1-'f t}I, 3/.0 'Jr ;u 71 If.'! //.?. 3/. / / ;z 3 0.11 0 8 /.'1. 0 1. 2 0. 0 /. 0 I. 0 I I 2 0.'f U,1.f 0-i 6, I 7 1./ o. 5 1., (I z 2 0.0 O.i 1).8 0 /) t7 0. 0 (/_0 d.0 /{, t7 It, t.o () p t.O /3 0 13 ,., O.o ,.e, ~ 3 B /.'I I/ 1.0 2 t7 l /. 0 0.1) /. u n a f~ 21./ O.P no /. I 0 (I 3/./ IJ() 31. ( f 'I /'I l'f H· f 3 1 'J s /. 5 /. 0 ;i.5 183 12 J,5 ,,,_, 30.' /1/0. 11;/i lf6 1f, 7S.5 ']lf.'S IIO. /?,,,,..,. .?, 7 ,M/~f/T,liS A/,,r <r~y,e-o - Per Cent llulllber PerC..t ,enain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtfu Total Certain DoubtlJI Tota 112. n off· 16. r if-8 21.7 J'f 3 J. 'I/ ,. 'f 1.8 /0. 7 37 17 H /'f.'I 1.8 11.7 /37 '13 130 /t,./ /0, 11 n.o !'3 IS 2.8 fl t.o /J.1 §It- If f 13 3 9-'I S.B /$. 7 I < ' a I+ O.B 1.1 ~ i 7 Q.' o. 2 0-~ 7 (J ' '· 'J 0. 0 1.2 f '.l. 7 o. {, o. 2 o.B If- II II /.l ().0 /.(, 3 I 'f 0.1/ o.) 0.5 t$' () H t. () n. ~ t.P /1/1 0 /f'J lt.B o. a lt.9 r ( {, VJ 0.11- ✓-'I· B ? ,o 0. 'I o. ~ /. I (.(. I ((, ,t.', O.P 1t.5 1/7, (/ 177 2H o. I) U.8 13 1 3 n ,.1 t.J; /(II ' so f~ o. 7 f,'I ,,, 50 21/9 79.'! 20./ /OJ. ''5 18 7 8S'2 78.) :ur JDD. II -.J't? 5~t:CAl£)S 3/-6C J'cCM'LJJ Nuater Pe,Cent Number PerC..t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I 0 0./J (.] tJ /) tJ o.n (J_{) aP If 0 'I- 15.O Q./) ?!.d .2.. I ~ J.5.0 I].~ j?.! 0 I I o,P ,.:i n I!} I I P. O JH IJ.S (} 0 0 o., ,., o.o 0 l) A u O.I o. 0 Q 0 0 q.o o.o o.o ,, /J I) 0.0 Q.O 0. 0 0 0 0 o.n o.o o.o ,t) ,,; I) p.(J OP ,. p 2 0 °A Jt5 o.o IH t'.. n ,,; o.o 1).0 O.il p I I 0.0 c.2 ,. z ~ A I) o.O Q.O Q.O t 0 t n.fi 1.0 315 " /, t/ ,o. 0 o.o so.o I 0 I C.'2 n.o u ,,, /J b 0.0 o./1 no I if :2 1{, 87.5 n-s /00. (p ..:, fl 1$'.0 75'.0 /01, IJUPA '7/1 ,A .~cs I/or <r11re:o Number Percent Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubllul Tobi Certain Doubtful Tola ¥' ,1 y U? o.o (,8 I/ \I A< ;B.' t.8 ')f.1/- ,,, " :7 3.f OP 3. If ? / tJ / 17 ()(l /. 7 . .\ // 17 tJ o.o Otl o. 0 , {\ ,1 /: t1 0.0 oo o. 0 ' V 'i tJ 7 1/. 'I ()0 II.if ' '3 ,I 9 5.1 /.7 t.8 /_, 17 /.:?. :JQ.1 0 I) ')0.3 /~ /', /~ ,1., 00 13 7 ,rs, ,( _,:-,; 5'1.5 !. $ /dp


=== Page 163 ===

EJ/,,fLv'/IT//JA( dflfl 5 srco,vps AIYP LeSJ C-N) SlcC/!IVPS I - PerCml Number Per Cent Ewaluabon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal !Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tolal 1 0.ea11oon / .:2 3 '} 'f 5 'l /'j 0 I I o.o f.(, S./, ----- l•Astronom1cal L // /7 /1.& 17-'f fO/) t/ .2 ':i.,...; //./ ?U l•Ancraft .2 0 ~ r, IJ.0 f":'/ ti p (I P.O P.O ().O ..... i 3-Light Pflenom. / (1 I ,_, 0.IJ ,.'( () c/ y o.o -:/J:J. n~ 4•Bnds / 0 I 1.i o. 0 :u /J ,, 0 o.O Q.I .-?.O 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. tJ /, /) o.o O.p PO /J /J 0 P.P (J.P ().0 6-lnsuffit. "'°· .2 (} 2 H O.P f.9 J 0 / H Q.P f{, 7-P>ydDlo&ical A ,..., /} QI) 0.0 00 C) rl () OJI 0.0 J.() 1-l)mlo• ? /) ? ,O./, 0. D 10., (, Cl b·,n.3 O,P JJ.J ~ .... /l I I o.u •.9 2"1 /J /I if 0.0 o_p P.O Total :l/J /~ N- ;~e i/J.2 t,q_ // 'J Ii 6/.) 18. o/ //)0. 6'1 $;;:co,vas S /1-h,vvTE..< b-"" ~ .vv--- - PerC,nl N..,t,er Per Cent Enl- Cemi• Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubllul Total ertain Doublfu1 Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-S,lloon I ,; {'. (.7 2,.1 JJ.if '.3 $' R l].0 2/. 7 J~./ 1-Astlonollical / ,:2.. '"3 (.7 /1~ WP 7 I If 30-lf 1/. J J't-7 2-Aircrlfl: ~ I I/ ':10.0 0 ']&-7 I / ? lf.3 -n i., 3-LiplPlleooa. C) /') 0 0.0 u. 0 o.o I 0 I J/.3 o., ?'- 3 4-Birds CJ l'1 t'J o.o u o.O /J I J o.o If. '3 ¥-3 5-Clouds, Dus~ et, t> /) 11 0-P 0./J o.o /) /} t) 00 o.o ,.o l~t-i,11111. ,;z. ,, ,;/ 11-3 0.0 13.J I " I -9., 0.(/ ;,,,3 7-P>ydlllo&ical /) 0 ,1 o.P 0.0 0.() t1 Cl 0 a.o o.o 0., 1:- I 0 I (.1 0. 0 ,.7 ,f /) 17 Q.t 0.1} o-P ~ .... /,} /J 0 o. 0 (/.0 0-0 t) .:) ~ D,0 8.7 R.7 -- T..:tal r9 71.S fl: 'lt.7 J DO. /J It) ., _-g rt.5 'iH /PO. -·- 77/.fLE /Ii'4 .Er.4L.VA 77/?J// ;f{/9 _s-" <;'1;ct1Nl?5 A,YP L~ss 6'-/tJ SFCPIY./75 I Number Per Cent - Per Cent Evaluation Certain OoubHu I Total Certain Doublll I Tobi Certain Doublfu I Total Certain DoulJl(lj Tola! 0-Baloon C) cJ /J o.o 0.0 0.0 d A 0 0.0 o. 0 0 .o I-Astronomical /. - vj qJ )/.If 7f.O '/0.lf I) / ' 0,0 'l'i.'I 11.7-9 2-Aircraft /J {j y 0.() 3.f u C, /' I <I.O 1.) 1-1 3-Lip!Ph91011. /J 0 C) o.o o.o O.P cl ~ ,., o. o (/.0 0.0 4-Buds ,1 / / o.o /. 0 /.0 / /7 / 7.1 o. 0 7./ I-Cloud~ Dust, et, .,, (j tJ O.P Q.0 d.() /J II /I 0.0 I}. 0 p./} 6-tnsuffic.klfo. 'Y' t1 </ u Q.0 3.:, / 0 I 7.J 1/./) 7- I 7-Psydlolo,ir.a ,? /'] p o.o 0.0 o.o .,, (/ /I 0./J i).(J Q.Q &-Unkno.. / d / ).0 o.o J.0 II /J v 1$.t Q.0 2/i.6 ~a,., 0 0 tJ Q.O o.o o.o I ,1 I 7.J Q.11 7./ Toi~ 17 Q'j1 1/.:,.s l'-'J 31. JOO. 'J 7 /ti 5'0.1 {0.0 /tJO. I £/SECCNPS -S,A//N/ITFS A -:J 17 /11,,vvT,=5 I Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubttu I Tolal Certain DwbllrrI Tola! 0-Batoon q I /() :l1.7 u 11C.3 :i. II C lf.'f 8.'f JJ.3 I-Astronomic.al - ' 7 5. 3 ,3. :i !B.S 5 0 6 ,n o.o IJ. J - 2-Aircratt 7 7 q /Vi 5- J 23_7 5 13 I( /1.J 18.1 J/Q.O 3-Lid'I Pbmom. /) 0 /) o.o O.P o.o tJ n /J Q.O b.O O./J 4-Bmts (J 0 ,., 0.0 0 .b o.o () I} 0 0.0 o.o V.I S.-CloudS. Oust, etc. () () tJ 0.0 O.Q 0.0 /) p /) o.o o.o oo t ~lnsuff1c.lnfo. /:, () 6 !H 0-0 ,ra 2 tJ 7 l-1.1; o.o II.If 7-Psycholocical 0 ,, tJ o.O o.o o.o I /J I n 0.0 2-2. is.un'"°'"' t: 0 ' !l2 o.o /1-'i. // i) ,; 'N~ 0. 0 'J'{.j 9-0ttte, I 0 I :it o.o U, I {) / ?,2 o. (J 2.2 Tolol 3/l 51' JX 73.'J ').I.I /00, :n /) fl.', ,n 37.8 /00. 154 //-.J',::J 5£eoll/LJ5 Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total {l 'T ~ 0.0 It.- l&-7 /) / I o. n 6- 3 t-3 / /J / (J C'.tl 1.? {l / / 0.11 8.'3 i-3 t? /2 ~ O.Q o.P o.o /J ,1 l'f v.o 00 0-P I C) / e.3 00 9.1 /J cl ,1 (J.0 H o.D .s ,..., ,s 1//-7 0.0 J/i. 1 ,1 ., I g_q n 8.3 ? .j /~ !f.i 'f/.i /Pq_ Ovtc 3,::!J --,.,ur.-- Nu- Per Cent ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubllul Total 6 /J (, 50.0 o. 0 JO) </ /) c../ 33.J 0.1 33.'} / (J / 8.3 0.1 8-3 /J 11 0 Q.I e_(I o.o /} 0 7 a., VJ r.l /? tJ ,1 0.0 Q..D u /J " /) o.o 0.0 O.(J /_ 0 I 8-3 0.0 B-3 ti 0 CJ o.4 q_p 0.0 p t} (J o.a q,d (1.0 /,J " /./ IPd.t o.o JOI. //-3CJ .5~CO/YP$ Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain DoubtfuI Total /J (l p ~q &.II I.I £ 6 ,..., 30.0 J().O uo _.:; (7 .J /0.0 0-0 /0.0 4 d -d ,., 0.0 Q.O ,1 d ✓ o.11 u ,1_(J /.) d If 9.0 0.0 o.4 , d / ,;_Q o.P 5.P A ,1 /1 ().{} 0.0 o.o c' ,f ., :u.o ()_0 7S.O d cJ ti o.o u.o 0 .{) /SI t .. .,, 70.0 '3P.I I oo. On,p ?t:) M/,1'.nT~<C Nuntler Per Cent ertain Doubtfu I Tola! Certain Doubtfu I Tobi () 0 0 o.o tl.tl o.o :, I U- 17.6 s-. 'f ~3.5 0 I I o.o r_q r.~ /) 0 /J 0.0 o./1 0.0 /J /J /J 0.0 o.o 0 17 0 /J o.o o.n Q_q I n I !.'I o.O f'i 0 " () o.o 0.4 0. p 6 n .<: 35:3 0.IJ 3S-3 .) t? ,:- Jf.i; Q,Q 2?,A Ir :z. /7 88.i 11.8 /QO. :JI ~, 5£t!OAILJS Number Per Cent Cemin Dwbllul Tola! Certain Doubtful Tola I) 0 cJ o.o Q.I IN tJ () /J ,. /) n_, o.o :3 ,., ,=! ,u 0-f {P.O .,., " "1 p.P 0.1 0.0 () 0 () n.O o.P (}_D /J /, 0 Q.() q.Q (/,0 / t:! / ')[), (J. oP ~P.P tJ tJ () 0.0 tJ.P u p c) ~ Q_(/ O.(J ,.P / ~ / ']0.() o.o no ,( J{ ,( //JO.O (/. p /(JP, 11/4r '17,-r_,,n Number PerCenl Cemin Dwlrlful Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ /' C 1-, 7.0 7.P 11/.P /.,, , ::, v lt-3 :lH II/_'/ .r ""i Q 5.8 3,S" .,_ 3 tJ / I o. 0 J.'.? /.1. I .;? ::3 /. '.l. ~-3 3.5 C) (1 t) o.o o.o 0.0 // tf I/ JU 0.0 J:l.i /) CJ (1 f}.Q O_(J <i.P <7 CJ I q.J 0. 0 'f. 3 ~ I/ '} 'H 1-1.7 8-2 il,IQ :f ~ ~c. .i5.lJ lflf.2 JOO / - .. 3/-btJ SeCP/1/195 ; Number Per Cent Certain DOllbtfuI Tolal Certain Doubtful Tola! tJ 0 0 o. 0 Q.Q Q.0 .( } II- Ja7 J.C. /lf.3 -, /) 7 25.0 0.0 2f.O 0 ,!? () QJJ o., o_, 7 /J 3 JIJ. 7 tJ,I 10. 7 /. /J {) (/.P Q.d O.P I t) I H o.o H /) 0 t) q_(J o.o o. q J 'I I? 13 II/,.' O.P 'ft.'f 0 n ,., o.O o.o o.q ,'Z..7 I ?<7 .,,_, J.t, //JO.: #r SrAr,t,;;, Number Per Cent Certain Doubllrr Tola! Cemin Dwlrtlul Tolal t; 0 {' 1.9 o. 0 3. 'I 4':Z. 7tJ -, .., ]Z,fl -?'I./.) 56.:Z.. 10 s- IS" 7.8 'J.tf JI .7 /J t) 0 o:n p.() 0 /l () CJ /J 0.0 0.0 '0 tJ /l /) o.o D.D () q 2 /J 0 ;i..n IS.6 o.o JH ~ 0 ? J,6 o., 1.6 II 0 I/ fU, 0. o u < CJ c;, J.J o. 0 ~- '3 93 '3("" I !_ill" 72-7 27-3 /In, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 164 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enluation 0.S.llooo t-- :1-Astrooomical 2•A1mlft J.L1&flt Phenom. 4•Birds $-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lllSUffic. ~fa. 7-Psycllolo~cal ·- 9-0llle< ; Total Evaluation 0.Balloon l·Astm:>mieal 2•Airaaft 3-Li&htPtlenom. 4-Biids 5-Clouds. Ousl. et:c. S-lnsuffic.lnfD. 7-Psyctalogical 1-Unkno.a 9-0ther I Total I Evaluation 0.Balloon 1-Astronomieal 2-Aircraft 3-Li&hll'h""". 4-Birds S-Clouds, Cmt,etc. 6-lnsuffic. ~to. 7-PsycholoJical &-Unkno• C)-()ther Total Evaluation 0.S.lloon I-Astronomical Z-Aucraft 3-Li&hl Ph.,.,._ 4-Birds $-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.tltl. 7-Psycllolo&ical ·- 9-0llle< Total OWE ltff ;- .YFCCJ/il/J.J' ,/,YI? ft,:,.J Number PerCenl certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I /1,0 t?,(J 11,/J /;1 f( ;z r, /lf.O J2,,tJ fl,:),t ' t) I #,(! (!,() 11.P /') 0 0 ", 0.0 0,0 () () {' /J.C t'. {J 0.0 (' () 0 ,!!,(! I),() O,D 2- 0 '1 <1 t ao 'o.() 0 I' /,J {),I 0,0 0.0 ( (} I Ir,() (? t') J./,0 /') {' CJ /1,I 1?.I) /J,0 17 ,r' ,;l.5 6'{,/, 3,2,1,/(){), c°/ ~('Et:lNF.:, - S ..Af/A!tlT.F.S' Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ I t Ff IB JP. 7 //, /,J 4 7./ 0.0 7 I 7 I q l].5 ,& /II.< /) C' 0 {),(/ (/_(/ 9.0 I' /) () o.a Q-0 Q.I 0 11 0 0.0 o.o Q-0 1, t) /y 7&.f ».o !lbt I t' I I~ o.P /,'} 16 t' 16 n., 0.0 ')8.1, ' 3 t, f.'/ u !Og n ) J& 9!./ 8.9 NO. 1rs1 ~ 5£CONt?S A,VP LES.S Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total :J 0 0 0.() 0. p I .0 IC' 2 /;J. S'f.8 j/_g 70., I 0 I H 00 n /) /? 0 IJQ 0.0 o., /) /) 0 q.Q 0,0 (J.Q (."> 0 t? 0.0 0.0 0.1 0 n 0 Q,0 U.fl 0,(1 /) /) I] o.o 0.0 q_() II (') // 1J.S 0.0 23-5 0 l) I) o.o 0.0 Q.g IS- .2 17 i8.~ JIJ JIN, tf/ ..:,fi"Cv#P.5 - .F MA/t1T.F.5 Number PerCts1t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,t... f 3 77 Jg 115 C' I I Q.O J.i 3.8 '.? I LI l/.5 3.B /J.3 () I I 0. 0 3.B 1.'l /) /'} {J 0.0 o n o.o /) f' C) 0, 0 Q.O u I /' I 3.9 0 0 1Jl 0 I I o.o , B H I~ r:> 13 so.o o.o fd.O ..< {J 2 7.7 0-Q 7.J :Z I .F .7-6 f0.9 l'/.t /10. /tLL S/6/ITIA/GS p-/(J .5[::UJ,Y/7.S //-30 5ECOiV.l?S. 7 /-tf;:J S-,CO/YPS Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /) 0 0 tJ.(J 0. p 00 0 I I 0.0 if.~ //8 I 0 I 1/J,O tJ.o /{J.O I ;l 3 /~.] :n., 'n'f 6 I 7 78.(, 1./'6 B.'/ /. 2 ::z.. /) I, '2.{J.O ;i.g.(! u I) l,f S'7./ D. 0 lf7. / < ::z "1 13.Z 9., 33,3 ~ /) ;i_ :Z/J,I. 0./J ,,, " (? ,:? {) O.P o.o q.(J I) t' J o. p o.P 0.0 /'. C> tJ ", 0 JJ 0./J ,., (? ,., 0,0 o., 0 ., ,,., 0 0 0.0 1),/J o.o I [. (J 0, C),p tJ,c. 0 () /) 0.0 0-0 V,g 6 0 tJ o.P M 0 q t D 0 tJ.o C),/) /l,A /. /J /) o.J 00 4' I /) I 'i.8 f/.P •d ~ ,? /J 0.0 ~A o.o 0 0 t? o., (}.U o.o 0 C, {) 0.0 Q.(l q,Q /'. /) /) o.o ao t?.t f) 0 (J 0,0 0,0 q.p e; t:J } ne O.P ?J.j Ii. n LI- IJ.11,0 t).IJ O.b.l I. t? 0 O.P 0./) ,.o /. t? (J o.o 0.P Q.O I 0 't /IJ.O tJ./) It'!. 0 F ). ? 71.'t -;zu ;go, 17 JI. :Z..I ';/() If. 0 /00. ' j__ /1) l{M ::io.tJ /{J[) o-3/) )-/,111tJTJ;.f tJv5/f JtJ ,'-l/11/tlT'l:S M,r ..5rAT.t=P Number PerCmt NuntJer Per Cent Numtl=r PerCml Certain Doublful Total Certain Ooublful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 " /7 ~/. 7 (.7 n.~ g 0 '{ 3:1.IJ 1/{J :v,p C I I 1/.'f /. 0 5. ~ 4 v {/. '-7 0.0 C-7 ., I 3 ir.o ti,/) l:Z.l:J ?, /I 31 IU, /O.IJ 10.f 3 fl- 7 ro ,.7 /1.7 0 , J {JO 2/! (J ;;zao /7 J ~ /t.7 H If.' 0 0 I} 0.0 0,0 o., 0 0 0 Or- O.o /9.() 17 0 0 o,o 0.0 Q.Q 0 0 0 0.Q 0.0 q.g 0 0 {J t'J.,0 P.I P.CJ 0 0 {) ()_(/ 0.0 o.o /, /J 0 o., {}_Q (/,0 0 tJ {} tJ.o Cl,O o.o 0 D 0 0.0 0.0 o.O i' /) 3' r.o 0.0 5 , /J. I) tf 11.o /). 0 /6.0 -,,, f) 7-tJ 73.5 o.o 13-5 "' {? 3 s.o 0.0 f 0 c- t? 0 0.0 t?.o "'·" {) {) (J 0.0 o., o. 0 ;:,2 0 ;i;,.. 30 O.P 3'.7 t;" /) ) 7h, (),I ,26',l Ii' 0 I'{ 17.6 o.o /7.6 I ? If /. 7 5.o r,., 0 ,:'J /) tP.o 0.0 0.1) ;i.._ I z 1.0 or ~ 4-'! II bC en ,e.} /00. l'1 I ,;zr 71,,0 ,)..1-.0 l{)(J r-6 lb /02 9'1.J !f7 /()0. S/6/fT/&GS: 4Y ;21/,f,?T/,{J,1/ t,"-/tJ ,5,:ChVR..5 //.-3t:J .5t;C-,,,¥.P.5 ?/-,,,,r:J S.t= ,:,:1.,yp.5 Number Per Cent NullDer Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Docmtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oouhtfu Total Certain Ooublful Total {J 0 0 (),IJ n.o ,:?.O I 0 I '-/./ 0.P V () tJ 0 tJ.I) ().() t?.O 4 I .l s,,o I;!,., 67.!' ti /) /,I Jf,.lf 0.0 3,.lf ,, I I l.t) 2A.tJ ~-~ I 0 I /7. 5 (),p l;J..! .5 0 '3 27. 3 0~ :I 7,3 '? I L/. 60.() ,1.p, () 'ilP.t> (? tJ () t7.D tJ.O 0.0 0 tJ I) o.O 0.1/ O.Q r, t) 0 M 121 /J,O (/ /') (J 0.0 0,0 {J.O n I I 0.0 ff.I If. I /J t) 0 IJ.tl (/,0 tl.o n I) 0 o.o ,:?.~ P.0 /) tJ () 0.0 0.Q 0 .I /J I) () 40 C),O tJ.O {} () /) P,() 0,0 O,o C 0 () o.~ o.O 0 ., 0 /) (/ ,1,p /,J,0 P,() {) (} 0 tJ.b tM (J,() tJ 0 /) O.tJ o., q.Q 0 /) 0 /J, 0 17.0 ,::?,/) 2. 0 .2 ::is,t cJ.o l~s;o :t 0 ,... 18.2 o.o ,6-2 " t? 0 d,' o.o t'-0 ~ /) I) O,t c!.O 0.0 /) (J /) o.o O.(J () 0 /J f) 0 IJ.f) .t?.o tJ.o 7 I q '67-5 /,;7,.F ,oo. IP I // 9P.'I 'I I 100. J ,2.. .F pP,() JI0-0 100 ,G'-.3t) M/.A/VT/:5 c:Jv.r If' JtJ ,11//A/t/TEY Af,,, STATIT.P Number Per Celli Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doublful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tola! ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Doubttul Total 7- 0 ;z.. 8.3 o. q i> I I? I 1:z.s tl.t? ;;u L/ ' 7 t.t, Lff /1.5 3 I ,t/ /).5 t.q I'-? I I 2- 10. S 0.5 ;,.,,., ~ ff) /J 'f.'f ''·'f 1/. 3 ;2. LI- f 3-'3 16-7 15. O I I) I /;1..5 ,I.C) /;,, s 2 ::z LJ 1.1 J. l (,,(, I I) I 1./.1 O.d lf.2 /'} 0 I? 0,C. tJ,o /J.o I I? I I.(, o.o /. t " /) () o. 0 a.a Q,V 0 (? 0 ,?.p ,PO t?.o 0 0 " 0.0 0.0 A.I C I) {) ,Q.0 0. 0 a.a (J 0 {) ~" /J./ P.IJ /J tJ {} 0.0 n.o q,q I C7 I 1/. i 0 .0 I/. 7.. 7. r, :z ;:,., I),() :zr-, le' 0 1/J It.If o.o /£,4 0 n (J 0.0 p~ a. o I', I? iJ P,O t?P /l(J I /J I /. (, o.a /.' 7 ,? 7 .1n 0.0 1'-1 2 I? :z ~,,o tJ./J 25:0 '22 t? 7.7 3t. I o.o 3{.I ;;, n 3 175 0.0 12.S /9 0 t? (J.(J tJ.o /J,{J 3 0 r 't.<f 0.0 "~ /'I .r ::LJj. 7f.l we IQO, 7 I f' ·0.5 l~,S' /{)IJ, 116 I.J 61 1n 2'1.6 /1111. 155


=== Page 165 ===

fl/IL.Ii II (t Et/At.. tiII T/tJdt t7F .4LL 1'1!>?. )'" j£CC,YJ?5 Al/? ,i~S5 /'-It? 5c.CIJNP.f I Jlimber Per Cent Number PerCenl Enluabon Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total :0.-Bllloon I .fl 6 0 'i './017-lf J /J 7 f.1 .n t,. 3 l•Astmnom1cal c/11 ?<2 I];/_ 1811 lf.5153.9 _;i.q I, 'f 'I 'Jfj 11.'I 31.J ~ 2-Aimilft 2, 2., 'tfi '18 'fBltf.t, h 13 '31 17.0 116 ?f.{, ,---- i J..Ll&f'II Phenom. I ..., J 0 'r 08 /.'] I 0 I 0.9 Q.P Q.1/ 4•Bnds I J 4- O.t/ I .1 1-6 0 I I 0.0 0 9 Q.'f ~Clouds, Dus~ et~ I I .. 0.1( 0 't 08 t> {) 0 q.O IJ.Q o.o 6-lnsuftit. Mio. /.I /) ii lf'i 0. 0 i lj.t; ;; (} 7 ,.1 0.(/ ,.2 1-l'sydlolopc:al ~ (l :I. D g 0 0 I O I? r; 0 0 0 p O.IJ o. 0 1-Unlulo• ~ ~ t> H 10 6 O 0 10.t, 1'1 /) I 'I 17 0 Q(I 17. p ~Olhe< q ;z I/ 3.7 o e 'f.', I 0 I 0' o n p.'f Total 170 7 'S 1J.IK Cf.if 30t JtJO. 7'! 13 /J::;. 70 S ,'H !PtJ. I El .Sr.:.c1,11:>s -S-/1,f/,tt/lTF!. ~-3/J M/NUT,t:J I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent i Evaluahon Certain Doubtful Total Certain • Doubtful. Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain O...blful Total !o.e.i1oon //?, 3,: 82 n.7 H n, L? /,~ 117 /{.g 12.'l. 29,( Jt-Astronom,eal l/ 'i' I"{ I.I V 3. 3 ;z3 I~ 38 t2. 'I. I f0.3 12-Aircrah 51 t;h //3 15.7 If II 3/./ 7;, ti I 73 N, I/./ l'/.7 !l-Li&fll Ph010m. r: 3 'f 17 o.8 -;;.s /J 6 I'/ 3-5 U, 5. I :4-Buds I r I 0-3 r.. 0 o. 3 JJ 0 0 0.0 O.o 0.0 !Hloud~ Dus\ ,t~ I :, 9 o-J /. f ~-1 '? .2. S' o.8 o. 5 /. 3 :s-1nsuffic.lnfo. / fj 0 I fJ J'. 0 Q. 0 s.o 70 0 2'1 7.B o. 0 7.S ;7-Psycholoaical {/ 3 7 II 0-'I I• 1 7 0 7 l'f o. 0 /.f l~IJnkno.., (O ( (? JO I 21.a o.o ne 77 /J 77 103 o. 0 2P.B 19-0lhei 1;z. 17 12, 3.3 0.0 J. 3 II J./ " 3.0 /. I I/. I I Tot,I ;m //j 113 Cf.'/ 31/ 1 /PD. 'JS1 // 3 J7tJ C'l.5 30.5 I 00. 156 //-3tJ 5£.C.IJNOJ Nu- Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ; q I 'f n if. 'f u ,:J.6 " 35 /'I/ If.If 1,0 'I, 33 68 13.'/ 17 8 3t.1 I I • O 5 o. 5' /. 0 I tJ I 0 S o.o o.s /,J ::i. ~ 0.0 J./ I/ /( 0 II S.'l ().0 'S.'f s 2 7 :n /. I 3.B 3'3 0 3 l /7.8 0.0 17g IL [ /'). u f.1 t.~ ,21 i1 /'!5 /,fl/ Jlf.t IO P tJVe'K 3t:J M//VPTE-' Nuntier Per Cent Gertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,2., 11 39 11./.lf (.'f )0'6 ;J.7 I tJ 41 l'l.'I 7 S ~,, // 'l 20 f.'f 1./.U 10.7 I ;z. 3 o. 5 /./ /.I, '! 0 3 I. I, o. 0 u /J 0 If '),/ o.o -;.J Q 0 u 'f.'3 O.P 'f.3 ~ I -5 '}./ o.5 2., C2 0 S':l 'JB.3 0.0 n.1 'l 1 II 't.3 /.{, ..r.r ,11-, 4/ th 79.I J./.1 JIN. "31- ,5~ 5ectPIIPS Number Per Cent Certain Dwblful Total Certain Doubtful i} /1 I 'I 5.7 7 'l It? ~ I 5 7./ -3.1; ~~ ;J.L, If 'f '7. I ltf. 3 IJ ;;2. 'l o. 0 /. 'r 'i I ,t/ :i ./ o. 7 ~ 0 p a. o o.o II 0 ii 7 'I o.P Z_ 0 z I. /.f O.P J/.r. 0 If P '.18.6 0. D I 1 3 o. 7 I.I/ 'I 'I If I /tf!) 70.7 29, 3 ;!&r Sr,,,T;:P Number Per Call Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwbllul 3s- 7 S-7 84 f.3 t,. 16 ,1 //. 3 3-8 ii~ $/; 81.f /J.S 8.7 .1 I 'f 0-7 0.2 It 0 If /.0 o. tJ .1 I 4- o.7 0. 2 7/ IJ 71 17.I OP ~ I '3 0 S 0.2 1,11: tJ 10, -.zr.s 0.D /q I 2 0 't.6 0. '] 13~ 7!' IJ!/b 91.2 li-9 Toi~ /3.f. !U. 7 31.'I /. If 7.!J o.o 7. f /.', 28.& 7./ JOO. Total 13. 7 IS, I :J().1 Q 'I I.P P.'I t]. I o. 7 'H-5 '1.8 /QQ. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 166 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I fllJ/Llc ALL _s-$cU!;VP5 AAIO j...c,J Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total D-Balloon '3 s 3 A<) /,Ji 'J :; 1-Astronomical of /()£ '7 -11 ~/II) -1<1.~ r.~ r,/ 2-Aircraft :n ;l,J /I~ L t.5 q ,/J Hight Phe,om. .,I.. ;z. </ Ill "· (. I, .J 4-Birds ,;2. JJ v' /).(. I./ I '1 S-Clouds. Dust. etc. (J I I t) I) ,d I.'.!, l>lnsuffi~ Info. /'I Cl I '1 (_j l.d ( "'I 7-Psydlological t ti 1 /JC: /) ,I II/. 8-Unlcnown 31 0 ~/ ~.J P.6 t7 9-0llle, 'f 3 I:/ 2 ~ A.1 ,., Total :JU If</ ss, I~( lt'U 1111')_ f;/.5~co;V.Ps -bA//;yuT£J Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ;:;~ J.Jn 9, )?f 9. 'I ?,,S I-Astronomical 1 /3 21 2.0 <,? c:z_ !-Aircraft S6 StJ. 1/0 13.'l /?,3 Z.7,/ 3-LightPh&IOm. 7 /.J ti /. 7 I,(} z:r 4-Binls I (J I IJ.:L f t'J o,z 5-Cloud~ Dus~ etc r, ? 1 tJ.O 11.7 11.7 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. JO (> 30 7.ff co 711- 7-Psychological ' LJ. 9 1.2. IA 2.Z. PrUnkno'MI ltJ7 {l IP7 1,{.fl. tJ t) :2611- 9-0lller I c; .3 !'I 3.7 tJ."l #,f;; Total .2'11/- t;i. / 11-cs '71./ 1..'/.<f /00. r11dt.E lll?f 5 ~ 1=.eo,;os o,e Lt:SS Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon 0 () ,,, ,:,,() ,.,.., d.d l•Astronomical ;; I 7 '1£.0 /7£ lt7.J 2~Aircraft Cl 0 ,:) /J./) /?.O ll.0 3·lighl Phenom. [) £J () /)A iJ.O /'1,/J 4-Birds 0 11 t) 11.0 0.0 l'!,0 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 0 t) I) IJ.11 0.0 o.tJ 6-lnsuffic. Info. 0 0 I) tM d.O /)/) 7-Psychological 0 t) /J ,.,,. t7.0 11,(} &-Unknown 0 0 /) /1./) t/.(J 11.0 9--0ther I {) I J? < ,1/1 /2. .5 Total 1 ( f{ f/7.5 l-1S ,Ail, Cl .JFCM/7.5 b /11/J'YPT10 ltlmber PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ..2.. tJ _;7 "10(. /, /) l.zu: l•Astmnomical 0 0 I') /),1 /J.(} ;J. tJ 2•Aimaft tJ 0 d /J.IJ 0./) t),tJ Hight Ph010m. I 0 I 1 ✓ .., d.O !Y-:3 4•Birds 0 v 11 ,1 _() /J.O 11.0 S.Clouds, Dust. etc. /? 0 tJ /J,/) t}.O t?.O 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. I I} I 1 ✓5 t)./) IY.3 7-Psydlological C 0 /l 11. () 0.0 tJ.tJ 8-~wn ;2. 0 _,:;, 121, ,:)./} .;7K{, 9-0ltle, I CJ / ~t/1 /) _/) /{/-'! Total 7 (} I' /1)1)0 /J. d /t7/J, i/E/1/S l?-/c? .5,,-coA/.P.5 Number Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 3 JJ. ? .R.~ '{d ._., 36 23 S9 ?" / 17() ''{ 1 ;z.o II V /II) <I.I J2 q I .2 ~ /J.J /.j .l . .J I) I I AA /)' ,f 7 p I} tJ ;}t, ;j_a t! A 1 0 1 ,(q /J.I, ~.9 0 0 t1 /) II ,:j_/) II I) ;).fl 0 .:zr ,n A.P ,., g ? {) :1 /.£ /J./J !.S fll .(// /.JS 1..9'.t. "lo.¥ IM, (- ftl M/lllvres Number PerC01I Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 67 it, /1.:J /(9 1111 11/ /,. 311 /J ,jq g/ 1.c. It. 'i /JD 114 u q,; /1H ~p A I, 6 7/ -1., !,'I 5 t) 0 I ( 01, J.J ,1.~ I I .:2 O:J. /)? /) q 3i; I} 1t::: 5/(, Ill/ {1.e, ~ (? r; _, I 11,/J :u 5(6 0 <2' ~/J.~ llf 1,2/;_</ 1, .. JI J,/,, I.Jf ..r.lJ ..,/\<! II I /.I)./ '224 "'-/J '/O,:) I,-//} 5!oCt7IVP5 Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I) 0 t, /J /1./J 11,11 .2 2. r ,0,1 5tJ.d ,,,,.,_o 0 0 d //_/) 0.11 /J,/l 0 CJ 0 tJ.d t).O tJ.d 0 tJ t) 11/J 11.d /),? 0 0 tJ 12/J C).() tJ.4 0 /J /) /1/) ,1.t) /l /1 () () (l 11/J /}.f) o.o () t) /} /,/, i?.d ().0 {) CJ /) ti.{) O.d o d ,.7 ,;; II- 'iM ,;.:,.0 ld/J. ~ -.JtJ H/IV//T$5 Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I) 0 I ,11) tJ.11 tJ.o t) 0 II ,11./) 11.0 11.ll 0 CJ t1 t?.O ().() /J.O {, 0 I) A.I'/ O.tt O.d /) tJ tJ d.O (}./) /J.O n 0 0 tJ.d I?,/) ,?, () 2 0 ::Z St?.tJ /\/1 ~d.~ C {) t) P./J 11.d ,1.() .2.. {) .:?. .5,11,j . o.o r,..,_O tJ 0 /) 0.0 tJ. /) d-0 // ,j + JtJ4.d l).d /00, 157 / I/ - .30 5!,CCW,PJ .V-t£J 5€COA/P5 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total s- 117 I-< .::,3 ¥. t C.9 ' //} 19 IS t..J II t. JI IIJ- 5.:1 /7'1 t;.S, 1jf 1 Ill 'l ~., (/.(, </9 I~.< JJt ;3 ,, ... I~ ~ l.>-1 -.:t:i; g; £2, --~ t'i'.d Jj{ JU I I .2 II< 11.5 I.a {) i .:1 a/) I /,.J I I 2 o . .t i?.s I.IJ !, I L ·u t)' ~- i ti 2. '7 ,?.11 0:9 IIIJ 0 t1 /) A,< /J.11 /)/) /6 p IG '14> t/.d '1.3 II I? II c.7 ,1~ (. 7 si-- ..z.. 'I 23 ,! q ,.:i .,l t) ::; u d.(J /. :i 38' t) -i..a 11.t/ /1.A nr LJ~ 0 y~ ']/_ f /J,/J 12/,<'/ ~ £ JI '1'! .:J<j/ .f I ? 2 .~ u / 7 ~ ,II Iii 'I t.9 .2/J bl~ i'1/.J llo& II 1 <IS /IJ 72'/ 21.t It?,!. tlv,n, .3' fJ HINOTf'.5 _,.v,;T 5TAT£"L7 Nunter Per Cent Number PerCmt ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dooblful Toi~ JS /;2. Y'7 17i Cl 71.9 .J/ .:ZS 1t 77 '?9 VI.,; 33 /I, f9 It.fl x'.I 29'.'1 '19 £I vc~ /~4 'f.~ bi J tn //) :JO <./ ,(J 1//J.? 7.7 lK II r! N.'I 0 116 (,, I .z ~ /) ,l ,H //) .r 2 '? t'-JJ /) ~ II 2 0 ... I.A J./J /.tJ ..7. ..2. v 0.3 .11 I) ~ I 0 I /)( p./J "-~ I (? '/ tJ.j ,.,,, /)_:J JI 0 II (,t, /),6 f,.{, /31' 0 /",/} J'l.7 11.t:J /<f.7 s I ~ ., (' 11.< '< I) Jf ..<. Ill /.,1 '° is f.J.7 ,? '/7 1219 ,:J.O l:r~9 /~/ t) 1~1 19'/ t)" N.'1 I' 3 II ¥. I 1.5 ,S'.C, 3, _, vti n /J.9 C.,J 16~ fy /P~ 71. 7 2.A3 I/A.I.I, lC1~ I 3.S ..<~, ?9.5 'JA ~ /Ot:J. II- .?t:J Stco-v;;,s 3/-60 S/;rt,,vD.5 Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulltfu Total Certain Dwbtful Total I /) I 11 6-0 1/ I} 0 () /)_,I AO (),/J , 0 ~ -i.d /J.O ,;t/ I I ,? 1✓~ Ji/7, 1?9 t. 0 I I /JD 7./ 7.1 () I I ,? c1 Jc/.3 Id~ 0 0 r} n.0 tf.O I./) () (J 0 0,0 tl.O d.O tJ C. {) <'./1 {)./) tU tJ 0 () J.O {)_() a.o t) 0 tJ /)./) A.0 tJ,/l /'I I} /) t}.0 0,0 OfJ 2. 0 ~ N~ ,n<) J</.3 0 CJ (} O.() o.o 0.0 0 I I A,/) 7. I ?.I tc 0 t} o.o IJ.c) o.o s- 0 ..s :15:-1 ,1./) 1.t.1 //- CJ c/ 'i1/ o.o l,'>1/ I t) / ?I /J.tJ 1. I I) 0 °I) /),/) (},() (),() /.:Z .:?. lt:1 YD lr.':3 f<'I}. < ~ 1171v ;zf, /Of). /J. CD ~/:? ,V/A/UT~< A/4r 5TArrn Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ ~ CJ ,j 'H t)_ /) 7..5' 7 Lt II /~ J 7S 111.7 ;z. tl :? 3.i d O 1.8 {, I 0 I /.'I 0.0 I. 'l V C' 0 {) tJj 11.0 0,/) /'. /) 0 IJ.O tJ~ t'.~ V 7 () 7 11.J /J.0 11:J " 3 I </ < I. 9 7.C. II ,(:) JI :JIJ,9 /)/) ::zo. Q 13 0 / <! 7,( I tJ.0 ~~< '-/'x 5 ,:3 9,1_1,, 9.'I' l1J(J.


=== Page 167 ===

lf,;/8' .J 5n:.OAIU.5 ANu Les, tf'-lt? SCt:ONPJ rt,mbe, PerCmt Number Per Cent Enluation Certan Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~a.noon I 0 I -lo d/J "· 0 tJ I I I .ii 7-J 7.1 1-Asbonomical r <;{' I..-. '16.d 1.1.d r;., ~ ::1 C. ::n., Jt/~ 1 1lfJ 2-Aircraft 2 0 ~ 9.d ii.I) 8.1 0 0 0 0.1 0.0 o.o 3-Li&frtPh•m. I 0 I 11.6 ,1 " 1/.0 0 .z ,:J o.O /'{-. J /'1.. 1 4-Birds I () I 1/,d tJ.I) /.f.O p 0 ,1 n.O Q.Q o.o ~Cloods, Dus~ etc. ;, 0 /j O.() /}.() 9. 0 I) 0 /) o.o o.o o.O 6-lnsvffic.lnfo. ;i. D .2 1./J I\ ll 8.o I tJ J 1./ 0.0 7. I l•Psycillloaical (, 0 IS o.o ,:J/J 0 /J r. 0 /) o.o o.O o.o I-Unknown I.I- () </ lh_/) o. 0 16.0 ../l 0 t/ ')fl., o.o '9./, 9-0llle, /" I I A.0 t/.o '1.0 I, 0 0 o.o 0.0 o.o i Total /(,, 9 7{ LY.I 1,.a /00. 9 ,( /IL ilc/3 ~(7 100. GI S.i=-cc,vos -S/t111vur;:.5 ,{-3,() N ·'°/,IT$~ Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0-Balloon I I .;2 JI.I //./ 'ln. I II- S ,1 u.1 33.l l·A-ical I I .;'l 11, I J/. I 27-J. If 0 ( 2,.1 /J.P 'Jt. 2-Ailtllft ? 0 1 JU o.O JJ.3 I I :? 1..7 &. 7 /J.11 Hiptf'llenom. 0 0 (J 0.0 od Q.O I 0 I f..7 O.d '-7 4-Birds /) 0 () p_q a, o.o t) I I o.o 1..7 t.7 ~loud~ Dus~ el~ If 1' tJ 0.0 o.Q O.(J (J 0 /) O.Q ().0 o.P 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I /) I I/. I o.o //. I I ,,-; I 6-7 O.P n 7-Psycholoaical ,1 ;J /) O.d O.Q 0.0 I) cJ 0 o.o 0.0 (}. /) &-Unknown I 0 I Ill O.d If. I 0 0 (J 0. 0 Q. (1 O.~ 9-0tller () 0 f) o., Q.O 0-# /,) I I 0. 0 n t.1 Total 'l .). 9 77,f ;i;i, 2. ,oo. fl 7 /.5" [{"~.3 <It:. 1 /IQ. £ Y ,4 L LI ,4 :r JL)/t/ (lF ' lf~P 5' S.ec:oNP5 4N.ULF55 b -/,;:? s,1;c;:,,vo5 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain OoubtfuI Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain llod>tful Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0-Balloon tJ t) 4 (J.I) /1.d Qd 0 0 ,, /J.P 11~ /),(J I-Astronomical £ ,6 LJ 'l.1 ll~ 91.f:J /) ::z. .;l. 0.1 28., :li.6 2-AircraN I) :,_ ~ O.P :J ' 7.'/ C, I I tl.O Ii/. 3 ll/.3 l•Liaflt Ptumm. t:J 0 () d.4 o., d. 4 /) 0 () td p. Q I.I 4-Birds 0 I I o.P 14 I.Jf rJ 0 II d.d p.d O(J 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ /) /,J 0 d.0 M 0.0 0 () 0 o.Q I).(/ OP 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. LJ t) </ (1 Q.0 5'.11 I t? I lt/'i /l.P /~.3 7-Psycholoaical 0 {) () 0.0 u 0.11 0 I') " 11.d d-1 0-P 1-Unkno., I') 0 t? ()_0 o.P I.O 2 0 2 ?f ~ o.o IJ.8.1, 9-0ltler 0 /) il 4,1) 0,(/ O.d I t> I '"·: Q.0 ///.3 Total Ill . .f"'? f,9 ,,; ! "•S /OP, ,f ' -:, ~11 'l:l.'! Ill. 6/ S.e:t"-ONP< S/41,,,.yvTf.<' {;- JtJ ,< /,"• •rE~ - PerCmt Number Per Cent Evaluatioa Cerllin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-S,lloon (., I 7 7,j 'J.1 ircr .2 ;z_ ,; i..3 3-3 1r, l·Astnmollical t) ~ ti Q.P J'l.i /Id ::l /) 1 ):J < Q.0 /J.< 2·Aircrafl -:3 _, .5 Ill 1,'/ /$.'5 3 ] /,. I <-S 17.5 )5e 3-Li&lrtf'llenoa. tJ 0 d o.P 0., o .. o II t I) Oil (J.P Q./J I-Birds t) I) ,? q} o.Q 0.0 /) 0 0 (J_q o.O O,d ~Clouds, Dus~ el~ /) ll 11 0-P Q,Q 0 .Q /J I) rJ o.u 0 q. 0-0 4-lnsaffi~ lllfo. L 0 r. ,n 0.0 n1 .:; () ~ <1'1 (10 f.3 7-Psycilllo&ical 0 /) rJ o.o u o.u I {) / ,;_.., r;.P JU. .. _ " 0 I/ I <ft o.O II/.~ ? 0 1 ,2Q1 O.Q :iu - I /) I ~- O.P '3.7 I /) I ✓ .;1.. Q.0 If~ Total 1.2 i, 7 ..:21 ?'I.I ?\'q !OP. /9 5 :JV 119..; 211.1 /10. 158 //-J/J .5CCP,,.,P5 Number Per Cent t;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t) 2 .., o.o :JJ 1 n 0 I J o.o JI .J //./ I 0 I II./ 0.0 /I. I 0 0 tJ (J.O 0.0 0.8 0 0 /) o.o 0. 0 o.o I) c) ~ OJI o. Q 0.0 I D I Ill o.Q /I.I /) -o tJ 0.0 0. 0 o.o 3 0 3 SJ.g 0.0 33.1 I) I I O.P /J. / JI./ _,( y 9 ',,i: </Y.'I /IQ. t:Jvefl 3' _?? H/,UμTE 5 Hunter PerCait Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,t; () 11 S/1/J o.o S'O. n f' ~ II- :n.~ 0./J H.J 0 I ~ ,, /).Q B-3 () 11 () 11.d o.P O.o {) ,I) tJ /_(! I. 11 v.n (J cJ I) d.11 /J. 0 O.P t, 0 /) IJ.IJ o., o.p / ,1 I 0: ~ n. fJ 8.3 d tJ (J 00 (}./) o.o /j /I I) o.o D. () o.O /,: {) /A 1/t>tJ./J ,1.1) Jdl. // -3tJ .5EC£>A/P5 Nunler PerCait Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total z; /) 0 00 o.o 0. p 3 3 C, 160 :'tl!O ,g_o J 0 .:? _?M o.a 20.P 0 0 () O.d g.q o., Ci 0 tJ 00 q_l) IJ.0 t) 0 0 o.o O.tJ 0-0 I 0 I /AA 00 /U 0 0 /) 0.0 O(J o., I 0 I !,ui 0.0 /P.0 ;:, CJ 0 o.o QO 0.0 1 :r JIJ 'ld.ll ~.() /Ill , ,:::?VE"R _;J,J H/,,VPT'£'5 Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I) II d o.O OJI Oil '<1 I I/ :77~ 'I.I 3£.ii 0 I I 0 O C/.r '/. I 0 0 () ().Q o.O o.o 0 0 ti Q.4 (}_q o.o C, 0 ,1 o.d 0.' u I I? I '7./ 0.0 'f.l 0 0 () o_q o.o Q.0 <I /) I/ Vt/ 0.0 ,t.~ J 0 I 'I.! Q_O 1., q ~ II qJ 1 /$2 /di Certain I. p ;:,_ {) 0 (} I 0 v I ,j Certain ' 10 r 0 I /) /I) ,; fl. ; '39 Certain 0 ":{ ?. /J 7 CJ I 0 ,I. {) /:7 Certain ."? /l, 3 (l 0 tJ 17 .:; I/ .::; .<'I 3/-/o 5/?C0A/OS Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ I) /1 O.Q (}./) (U " 0 o.u () 0 /J.O 0 d2.. <'..oA oo 5'0.() I) tJ Q./J o.o 0.0 0 ti oJ 10 Q. 0 0 0 0.0 o.o 0.0 D I .?(.O q.o l'JH 0 ~ 11.0 QA P.O 0 0 {).O D.4 q.Q t) I ~ro 0./J '15'.P 6 JI._ 11~.o 0.0 NO. Mr 5 ,..., T",E_;:, Number PerC01t Doubtfu Total Certain Doobllul Total :,_ 1 '77 1 I 1P. ~ /(" .2S /('/ 1 ~ I 38., 3 1 1. 7 . I ;O. 8 I I OP /. '{ /.,; 2. -; /.5 J. / /./.(, {) () Q./J o.o P. 0 tJ I t'J tH Q.f} If.II C, /) o.o o. () (/./) 0 ,; t..J 0. () t, 'l. 4- 1 ,j{. t. 1. JO.$ ;/.7 •S sv; 'i/S /OP. , 3/-t.(l 5fCt:INP5 Number PerCmt Doubtfu Total Certain Oooblful Total 0 1J (J.Q o. 0 0.0 0 ~ :as:o O.P ?5.1 /) .2 '1,. 1 0.1 /t-7 t' 0 o.o q.(I o.' t? .2 fl. 7 O.t1 //..7 I') I o.J q.Q o.O 0 I "- "'I 0.d fl. 3 0 d o.u o-d o.o 0 'i 11 ~ o.o 33."3 0 ij 0,0 0.0 Q.O /J 12 /AA 0 If.II m. ,rft,r 5,r.,--- Number Per Cent Oooblful Total Certain Doubtful Tota 15 ~ '3 q oo '.3.'7 ;y' 1() 21 I /?.</ ?,'/.5 3 II 111 < 3_q !'f.'1- d 0 (}_(/ (}.0 (}.U /) ,j o.o o,O 9.0 /J ~ (),0 u o.O 0 11 ,;l/ 9.0 7:l-4 0 ~ :J,(,, 1/.P 'H t) 1/ J'/( 0.0 /4.'5 n 2 7.£ o./1 'H 17 7{;, 71 6 ,7J.4 Ill. , I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 168 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-Balloon 'l-Astrooomial !2-Aircraft 3-Li&hl Ptieaom. 4•8irds 5-Clouds. Dust. etc. 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7,Psycllllogical 11-Unkmwn 9-0a,., Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2·Aircralt 3-Li&htPhlllOlll 4-Birds 5-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI 9-0fller I Total I Evaluation 0.Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Airaaft 3-Li&hl PhenoiD. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, l)ist. etc. 6--Jnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknD'MI 9-0ther Totol Evaluation 0-Balloon l-Ast1t1nomical 2-Aircraft Hi&hl Ph...,. 4--Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic. • .,_ 7-Psyclll~&ical I-Unknown ,-oa,., Total ,-- $,£CP,..-P.) ANP LJ;SS £-/t!J S£CIJNPS lllmber PerC01I Number PerC01I Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 J s:o /1,t, S,I) tJ tl 0 ,ap tJ.P /}, /J Ill ., ;., ftJ.~ ,, .,,, 17,,,,P I ,, .3 //,J '!1,, ~tJ.J I /l I .£J /J./7 S-:tJ 3 CJ .3 '11./J ,1,/J S-/ll /l tJ " tJ.P /1.P ti.11 t) tJ 0 17.t) tJ. /l ()./J tJ tJ tJ M t?.P t),p /l 0 ;J CJ.P /lP ~" (J /) t) 17.P tJj) /J./J /) a /) ,1.IJ J)./J (}_I, ? tl .2. ltJ.P /J,/J l/..1,<'- tJ IJ {/ IJ.t t!IJ dJJ 0 tJ tl t).t, £!,t) JJ./J tJ t? t? tJ.tJ tl./l l)tJ I tJ I £/? JU) _,_/) (J tJ ;J CJ.I? t:1,!) tl.t ,::.? tJ tl /J,t, ti.P a; /J t? f) t?./J t1tJ /f.1, IS' .f" .t./J 7.S:/l 'i1,s;p IL'/l. # 2- tJ ~.(J 33..Y //JP. ti S'.ECPN&>S' - F ,,/1,f/ /Vt/TffS ,5-3t? M/AIVTF.S' Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain o ... blful Total Lf I S' II.I .7.fl /3, 9 r :z_ II 1~ S:/ ,,2."' .4 cJ 4- //,/ l)tJ I/. I 2.. ,? 2 5;/ ,u S:I L-1 I ,.- //, I 2.1 113.7 3 3 c 7,? 7.7 l1s-a r. 0 0 tJ.t t1.tJ l< tl I () 0 t?.O (),O t?. t) 0 0 0 ~o /).v /1/) tJ t? () P.tJ ao /?. t) c 0 0 tJ. () /)_/) 0./) () ,1 0 ;J, 0 /l.0 /J.O 3 c? 3 '3:_j (J.t? 13 3 t) 3 7.7 P.I) 7? I 0 I z.r t?.P 2,'l I 17 I 7J ,ti) ,Jj 13 0 13 36"./ M JI'./ /3 t) 13 33..! /). /J 3?.3 2 3 S' 5;£ 1.3 I J.9 I ,2- 3 2.1 s;; 7.? 31 S' 3£ '{t, I I.J.'l //J4 3:L 7 3'! 1,2.J /7,? /tJ~ Et/ALt/AT/tJA/ ,9~, S- Si:f'JJ,yP..< ""P L$3s £-$ S£"C.IJ,Y,?.S' Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoubtfuI Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tJ t7 ,:? M t?.P tJ.t v tJ 0 12/J tW JJ,/) ~ ,2 /t} !i'.13 IJ,3' (;~,/ 3 0 3 1,.t!,J_ t).;J l;7} I I C' I £7 f),tJ £.; I /J I 1/.a (),t} 11£? /? 17 ,::? ,1.I} tJ.tJ t?,t /} ,0 t? /?.I) ~{) ~/} {) 0 /) /J.{J t'.O ;?_J, t) /l t? t!.P (/.t) ().t) tJ 0 0 tJ,tJ tJ.,1 ao 0 t? (? /J.IJ /1.tl (J.tJ tJ t) C, c:.c t?.P IJ.,1 t) 0 0 ,_,,p t?.tJ (J.I} t:? tJ 0 /J.t ,:J.,1 tJ.L, /) /) /) ,1.p /,,;J t)t} p 0 u 1,(,J d,1 ,,,,.,, 7 ;:? 7- I ?n tl.tJ 31,3 tJ ,::? £! t).tJ t!.tJ tJ.P {) CJ 0 ,:J./J 1/./) {).P 13 _2_ /S lf!(J /3.3 I.ft? 6 t? 6 It"-& .I.I) /..?JJ. If'I S,c-,-, p,y,:,.5 - s- /fhNNTF' h-3/J A, - Per Cent Number Per Cent Ce,lain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtf\11 Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ I 1 $1,7 11.3 /.J.{} 2- I) 2 t.7 (),{, i'.? 0 / I ,:J.t) J/-. '? 4. 'l 'I I L'I- l:?O a.? 11,, 3 I p 13.C. .i,O I?, .2. /I- 15 f.7 /7,/J U.,/ t? I I ,;?.() 4,3 /f.3 I tl I ,:;.:,, ~v .113 I? 17 r) ,1.tJ /J./J ,::J,t) 0 () t? (),t? t.1.0 t?,tJ 0 0 0 tl,O tJ.o t!.O t) LP I'} ;J.jJ tJ.tJ /J,I) / /) I 11-.3 /J.I) /f.1 I 0 I J./.1 tJ.O a.. /) I I tJ.~ 1/,.J 4.3 tJ t? t) tJ,tJ (),/) ~./} //) 0 /.t? /J.:Jl.j (),,P 'i/.3.J £ t? 6 U./ /),t) 1'2L I :z 0 7 If, -1./l 'l,l .:/ ,:;J 3 '/3,/) /),t) /3./) /( r ,,1...3 7(.3 J./. 7 ftJIJ. If .r .u 71,.J ,2..1,7 Vtl/-1 159 //-3,t;J S&C.DNPS 3/-60 ..j,=CDIYPS Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ I') I I /7/,, ,f,? £~ J tJ I //,/ /?I, //,/ -4 I 7 '17,S £., /_L~, /J 1 1 IJ,o 4n "'~" If .z_ -6 2S;JJ 12,S 3'/25 1 ~ ,:L 72,). t'-tJ '12,). I} ~ /J l'J,I, t?.IJ ,M tJ tl v IJ.l /J,t, ,1.1') /} ~ ~ ,?./1 IJ,/l /J.t) I) /} ,:;J tf.t t'J,P tJ./J tJ 0 C t'-1 ~" t1.tJ tl t:J t? ,1.tJ 4/J tJ..1 I 0 I £.2 tJ. /J i. 1 tJ 0 t) tl./1 tJ.t) /J.I) 17 tJ tJ 17,/J "/J tJ,;J /') 0 0 ;J.f) 11. /J I'? /J I t} I ,(.1_ a; ,(1 3 t} 3 3~3 0./J 3?3 0 0 tJ tU t2P a£} I I' I //,/ tJ.t) /I.I II 4- /,f 17..r...? :ZS:tJ /IJ4 7 -2- f 77-i /1-2.2 IA1. t?v,r;--.,, .St:J M/Y#TffS /½rSnrr.t> Nunler Per Cent Number Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloublfu Total Certain llcllbtful Total .J ~ 3 117,3 IJ./) 7'72 JI. I J 5:b /,/j zo .2- I 3 /1.'1 9,/ l::2!'7,3 /7 7 '7/1 ;..3,1, q, '} ?'? 0 ;z J ,1,t) Jf.2 /tr, 13 3' N /~I 47 ;1,7, /} tJ 0 ;7,() tJ. {J ,1,JJ I) ,::J ,0 11.t t?,t) /J/1 0 ,() 0 /)./) tJ.P /J.tJ ~- I} {/ t:J.() tJ.0 t?./J 0 tJ 0 /1.P O.tJ L'J." 0 t} 0 ~/) I). t? 0.0 I /} I f:/ ;JI) u /£ 0 /I, 2:z.2 /1/1 7?, C ;J tJ /.{J tJ.tJ /J/'J (J t? 0 M /J./) tl,t, ;z ,,;J ~ /1'7 ,1,f) If. 7 9 t? '7 1 2,5 tJ./) I..?.• ;,1 t? 0 t),/} 11.t f),/) 2.. ,::J 2. ,Z,S' £}_() :Z.i t' 3 II 7-<'.7 127,3 /M 6/ // 71 '/tl.7 IS:3 /~a ✓ //- _3_,0 0#DKP~ 3/-£'0 S. CONPS Nunter Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cert.in Doubtfu Total Certain llcllbtful Total (J (J tJ tl~ /JP tl.t {) /J ,t;J ,J_p At? tW 3 tJ 3 1?7-S' /;1,I) In·.; 0 I I /).ti '2JJ,/) Ul,/) 3 0 5 ?'7,5 tJ,tJ 3'7~ 3 / .II lh/Ul '?JJ,/) 'II.P b t} 0 ().t} M /l,IJ tJ t? tJ P.t> tJ,tJ tJ.b J? I I lt'.i? as 112.J ,1 0 ,::? ap /?,() tJ.tJ 0 0 0 f),t) tJ. I) (}.fJ 0 ~ 0 /)I) /J.P /),0 C) t) 0 /J.t} ,1.tJ /)./J () t:? 0 tJ_{J P.C tJ.O tJ tJ t} /J.j /J,/} tJ./l tJ ,t;J CJ tJ_() /J.P t?o I tJ I /7.~ ~" 12.J t:J ,0 t? /1,/) {/.{J p,I) tJ t? 0 ..1.tJ tJ.t) tJ.tJ 0 t? 0 M /J.P M 7 I 'l 77.f' /,Z,j Wti 3 .2. s £0,P 1/P,J; 1/{JP. tJ1.1rR :?.t? IV -..,s Al.or l'nr,1,p Nu- Percent Number Per Cent i:,min Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ I tJ I /.,7,f {).,:? as It :z .6 '12 II,/ /2.3 I / .2. /25' /.:ZS 12s;O 'f ~ II b./ /£.3 ,;;a,, I tJ I l;2,S /P.0 V.:z.J' :J_ 2 4 LI,/ II,/ Cz tJ Cl 0 tl.tJ /J.0 /J,O I /} I 2,0 IJ.-" 2.tJ C7 0 0 tJ.o ,ti) /).O ;, 0 t? tJ,t (),tJ ;J.n 0 0 /J t?.P J'.P /l,I) /.? /) C) tJ.t? 17.tJ ()~ ,Z /.? ,2 :;.r,t, J?.I) ,1S.I) /tl t) /0 'M,// CJ.tJ 7/}t, t? t? t? /),tJ o.v tl./J I t? I 2.0 1),/J ?II .:2 .t? 2 1'21;',0 (},/) 125':~ 13 I' 13 •US /).() l~J'.S t? £) tl o.o P.P ()_/) 3 /.? 3 ,t./ tJ.t) £.I 7 I Jr 6lS /,:ZS //)/J, 97 /2 //9 7,;S ~5 /t't?


=== Page 169 ===

..,m..a.,,.A... L,._l,_ ___,_ll<..,t....,U~----'=E'-'t',c.a.'d""L'-"v>a.!1.LV,'-"Z''-"A/'-------"'eFc..____.(/,"'~~1/~r- S/6/IT/tf/GS 4r d,f/,eAr/CJ,f/ t2r S-/G#r-//Yc;, ds2., S 'i'fCCWL?~ 4/Vn LEsr 6-//J J',:,-,-.,,11,ns '1;/'/)11/n~ l/-?/J I 3/-//J ,(1 ,{!P,l,'l?S Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Total Certain Doubtful JTol~ ,O.Balloon I ;- ,f ;J.S ~3 2.'i 3 J 6 3. I ·o t.2 j/.. 7 II .t.5 43 t.1 ~ //) If {.3 19 /kl Z 'l-Astranomical 1U "JP l;ip .qq 3 IS", f 54.1 .26 IS- Ill .26.J IY.3 JI.a :Z.3 '1 ?7 1#3 s;/ 19,f It) I/ I// 7.'t 3'.Z '/I.I I 1'1 2/ /# V 9.£ !2-Aircraft 11'1.3 16 I~ :zt /£.3 ltJ. ., ?L_~ 31? :;>c, M IJU IU :/7,2 ;2). ;2.t? /1-2 /7,S 15.9 33.IJ 3-LiPI PhfflOm. I ;z... 3 tH t1_q I. II I 0 I 1.P t),/) /,/J I I 2. .tl.h t?.6 1.2. tJ z 2. t?.ll /,£ /.t 4-Birds I 3 JI /JS /. II I/. '1 t) I I tJ.!) /,0 /,/) I {} I P.• ~/} l?.C 3 I ;'/- :2,4 o,r 3,.1. S-Clouds, Dust, etc. /) I I t:J.0 tJS /).) tJ ,? tJ JJ. t /).!) tJ.£ {} :L .z ~./J 1.2 /7 0 t) t) /),0 /1.ll ~o 6-lnsuHic. Info. II tJ I/ t;,O ll./J c;-;o 6 CJ h 6.1 0./J b.l II t:' // 1£1? /J.() 6,g 9 t? 9 7/ tl.O 7/ 7-Psydlolo~cal 2 ;:, :z 1H ~c tJ.9 r) cJ C) tJ. I) M t)./) ~ I £ '3./ ~J; ?.7 .2.- ,t) :z. /,i tUl /£ 8-Uwown :z.;z /,J 77 Ii/) O 0,/) /JJ.P /j' /? I,/ 16,3 0,(J /,5.3 2.7 !) 1-27 LI£. i tJ.O 11£.K 3:Z. ,t? 'i'Z l.;25,"4 tJ.O :Z.5./J 9-0tlle, e :z_ //) ?, 7 t?.t? 11 L I t) I /,/, M f,,J II- -;-- 9' 2S 3,1 s;£ I ;z_ 3 "-'i' /,£ 2.11 Total IS-I h' ;utJ lts.9 '11/ /,NJ, tf '2_'1 <17' 7,:7,IJ 29.i ltll. It'.£ .7~ NI ~s:, 3,/1,2 lt?,9, 'i7 3'9 l-2,t /"J./J :J/,ll l/?,1 J;/ c;,ECOA/LJS - _s-/14,,,v~= t-"f',J A,,f/,IVI/TF'( LJ11=a 3.() /1,f, AU/rF< /11,,r 5'r.ArKn Number Per Cent Number Per Cent NuntJer Per Cent Number PerCBlt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtfu Total Certain lloobtful Total 0-Balloon /It? "16 7£ /j'..2. I/, 9 :1.,/ >3 3'7 ?o lt.i //,7 ,zy,r ZS- l.7- :{7 /I:/ 1,7 .J-3.5 3/ 20 ~/ f,t) S';'/ 11/.'1 I-Astronomical ? 7 /~ /,tJ ;2, 5 1-'l '27 Ill 3.£ J,o JJ.,ft /M 2? /3 36 /IJ,R f,J/ ;z.32 JL,(, /3 59 IJ,/J. 3,'i? I l,.2. 2-Aircraft 113 5?J qz /fJ.~ /£.S 3tl.i ?( 33 ill- 9,li IIJ,/1. w,.., 8' 7 15' s; ~J' '/,7 LJ., 77 £'? 12.2 l,f .uo Hillht Phenom. h 3 '? 2,/) I. tJ JP 13 6 19 If./ /,9 /,!) I 2 J ,u /, 5 j,f ? I .4- tJ. '1 tU /,2 4-Birds I t? I o.3 0./) i:7.:? /) CJ 0 /),t tJ.O t:J.O ;z. (J z /,3 tJ.tJ /,J I . t? I 1).3 t),/) ,1, 3 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. 0 'f 3 tl.lJ /.tl /,I) I I .2 0.3 .13 ,1,,(, I 0 I tf.6 ,:1.1) tU I CJ I 0.3 0./J tJ,3 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I! tJ Ii' S-.9 tJtJ ,:9 2? /J 27 'l.S t7.P ,ZS 7 t) 7 J/,S tJ.o L/.,J 'lo CJ ?JJ,J tJ, t ;z.~:r 7-Psychological /.I- 3 7 1.3 /,(l :J..3 7 tJ 7 ,2..2. M 2.:Z If I .r :i.t tJ.I .3.:Z. 2 J 3 (), tJ. tJ.9 &-Unknown 77 t) 77 :2S,IJ IJ. /) ,:S:Jf ~9 t:' S-! /i,/J ao J'l,11- ?9 Cl .79 :is:2 t1,/J '?,;;.z ?3 t? 7"1 2./.:Z ll.tJ :21.2 9-0tlleJ '1 tJ 7 J,t t:J. {} J,{) /CJ 3 /J -:/,.,2 /J.9 II-, I 7 1 If) 11..5' I.CJ' !J, fl /:Z I /,' ~- t'-1 '3.K I Total _,UJ/ /tJ:Z. 3/J'f 66.3 3.r.7 voo. 12.t2 VJ Jlt 7/J.3 ;l.9.7 //Jt?, 1/7 31 /Ff 7B ?i; {" It?.?. .:L8/ tr3 3/.19 11.7 /Y.3 ltJt?. 160 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 170 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2•Aircrlft Hi;itPtlenom. 4-Binls S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-tMUffi~ ~fa. 7-Psyd,olo!ical 1-Unlulo• 9-0111• Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astronomical 2-Aimaft 3-Lightf'tlenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unkno"1'1 S.Other 1 Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aimaft l·Light Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnStlffic.lnro. 7-Psychological II-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircrift 3-Light Phenom. 4-Birds 5-C\0t1ds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. 7-Psydlololical I-Unknown g.Other Total fU£ I E /(t9L ((dn ,Plf/ /ILL Yc-4~S S- S~uJNPS 1//VO /t,5S £-/tJ $,FC,PA,P5 - PerCmt Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,-:;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful .? J ~ J.I, I 1 .J..,7 :z r £ 1.1 as f/1 RO 1,1 109 ?9,0 IT,1/ .:lf. /9 ~,,;- .2'1fJ l/6.'/ :u .:u 1/11 lJ 1 /f',lf I fl 9 1-'1 /S',f fi /) .2 .2.. q. /),7 I) '1 /.t, I :;, 3 t2'1 1.8 ..2 Ii { ~-' I'/ .2.../ (J / I 11,0 .M 0 I / " A /) ~ ,17,J 0 (J I) tJ./) ~-{) IS () /., ,;.:. /l A S:2. K f) 'I 7./ 1).0 .2. 0 2 I) 1 ,,, ~ 17.7 (J /J /) ,M /) 0 .:z.7 tJ ;1..7 '14 "II f,11 ;2./ tJ 1.../ /~6 tJ.0 'I ,j I ;z. ~ '· () If.-/ .;1.. 0 :L d IJ./J /{'f /17 :n, f'1. I ./1).'f 1100. '7K Jf //"1, /f,I) .!J/,P £ VAL//"1r//:JIII ' ;f47 S- S F/'hYP,; AIVP ./.F.J5 6-/(? 5£CC-hVL?.5 Number Percent Number PerCerit Certain DoubtfuI Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain DMtful Total Certain Doobtful /J ,1 {J tJ,I) ~I.) M /) tJ " /J.O tJ.O -:{ I II 6().P ""·" l'l'.P / __, 3 ~J ''-7 C, /) tJ M ~.{) ().0 0 fl () /.0 p,I) 0 0 t? o.P U) ao a l'.) (7 iJ,0 ao 0 0 (} /),0 ~ /}.(} 0 /) CJ tJ.O /J,O 0 0 /) CJ) ao 11,0 0 0 () o,c lb I} {] /) dA M a.n (} /) /? ao P,O () 0 t? /)/ tJ.0 l).t /J 0 {J /), 0 l)..o /) 0 /) M d.D /),t 0 0 tJ rJ.O l},P / t'J I .Jp,/). tJ.() :J.P./} 0 CJ /? (/./). ,M If I r ~o ~o //Jo. I 2 ~ JJ.J 1£6.7 GI S'£co,vps-Sft11NI/TF..5 ,5-3?? MA/t.1T£.J lmmbef PerCmt Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total c:;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 2 0 '2 -,o, ~.P .2r.~ /1 ,1 0 c?.O /)..{) /) 11 /) lf.O l).O /J,{) /l /I 0 M 1)..0 tJ 0 I} 0.0 P.O tJ.I) /J 0 tJ D.O 0. IJ I /) I ,v. ~ d.(J /lf,J I] IJ !? tl,O {),() 0 /) /J /),0 t1,d /J,/} " n /) 0,0 t}.JJ 0 a tJ M t?,I) (),/) /} tJ t? /), 0 IJ.O I 11 I /11.3 0,/) Ill? '} tJ .:L V.P tJ.tJ IJ 0 (} 0.0 {),O tJ.O 0 /) ,() {),o o.o ..2. () 2 l.7r.i /).0 ,U.( / 0 I 3'3.3 /).() / tJ I I/J.,J c.o /f/,3 0 0 11 M /),/) 7 tJ 7 'M/J /J,/} 1/()P, 3 tJ 3 'tJ(J.f) tJ.p 161 //- 3/J ..f',FC/JIYPJ J/-10 J$c./J;yp Numbef PerCenl Number Per Cent Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ 3":3 S' 9 /I/ 1? t/.i 7,5 q 9 /( A/. C.o /:),() ,u ,;H' // ?, /.tl _<.q l'l.i 9 7 /6 t:..O '/.7 //).7 '1..J,9 ~ '3 I £'7 /'1,l /l.7 J£/) 3d /9 af ?ll,/, I .:J.' I J::J,i .'l.7 I I 2.. 5 ,!, /,0 0 .:; 1 tJ~ /.? /,3 ~q / I ,t_ ,£ .< l,P V I £'" :J.7 .? ?.I/ t),0 0 :J 'L tJ, /) I I /,/ 0 d t! tJ.t) t),/J /).!} 7. I /ti (} IF <.11 l () f./ // o 1/ ?. '.3 /l,/l 7,3 t/.0 v ..:; ~ .. I. I J,3 ,;;z tJ ., I 'I tJ,{) /.3 /9',I., ;?~ (} 33 11.? /),/] /7,? J/..:7 0 LL? l.2Q'O 0,0 ~/) /,'jf If' .- Ill It!. 7 .:?.1 5:1.i ~ ,.;J s ., 0 /~ 3.3 /(){) /:1.JJ. £..2 !/?,: ILL'/ "~ Im:?, JIil '(O /.,-i:, 7i; .21:.1 //JO, 7 //-3tl ..5'I: C PIYP .f .,?/-r, tJ SfiCOIV/7.J NuntJer Per Cent Number PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain lloobtful Total tJ.O I 0 I 1.~ t?.tJ ~j I) 0 {) /),0 /),I) tJ.l) //)/}.{) I 0 I '/,-:? ,J.tJ 0 ,., / I tJ,h /~7 /1,7 t1.i) (} / I o.o '1.3 '13 /) I I ,,I) 16,7 /1'.7 iJ.D a C /) 0.() (),() iJ.n 0 t:J tJ IJ. /) tJ.tJ /),() t),{) d 0 (7 t'J.IJ /),IJ tJ./) ,".I 0 /J A,0 ,1./) /J, 0 O,f) a 0 () t1./) /},I) /J.I) tJ r1 t) 0,0 /J,IJ tJ,{) (J.IJ ..:2. (J 2 1,.7 11,0 I{,'; 0 /) p d,(J /J.() ao rJ.o " / I 0,0 'if:3 n 0 /) CJ M 1,p tJ. /) tJ.O .s t1 r II/I. 7 (),{) lf-/.7 t 0 If- Ct.7 t?.O 11,.<;7 4,/J / a I ii:, N OC{,3 " /) {) 0,0 t?.JJ DJ //)0, /{) 2 /.:J g3_"1 IC.. 7l{)(J, If 2 6 t67 73..3 /PtJ, 01/CI? 3/l ~/A/k'TL:5 AlttT SrAr£L7 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tJ.o t/ If /f 9.'I P. () 9.3 lo ~ <.I 7 7.0 '1.3 /{.3 !},! ..1 d ..J-.. JI~ 1).0 /.J, 7 /,r; I J I " ~ IJ,/) .2.~ t?.O 0 0 t1 (),0 tJ,tJ (),J; (}.t ~ a /'J f} ().(} l!,O /), l 1'67 (\ \° ? /) 7 /[~ (J.() /1.3 o.o -.\ .1 / ll ?.o ,A,3 (1,3 7.7,3 . \ /(} e, 1P J3~ tl,P 23'3 ti.{) ~ " q I 1,(. /),/) {'I, I/IP. 33' .r </$ '99,t/ 11. t: /Po.


=== Page 171 ===

' IJF t?A'Jet!T /?✓ .B' s 5FCPA/PJ AIYt? Lt:55 t5-/tl 5eCPA/PS Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 10.Balloon J IJ I i',; 0.0 tJ. f d I I 0,0 7,7 Zl ;I-Astronomical s j 12...- ».7 M.¥ !,2.J 'I / ~ '-11111 7.7 .30 2-Aircralt ..:l d 2 1p P.{) 1.7 d (/ /,J 0-0 P.O (),() 3-Light Phenom. I A I .,, 3 ~" 1-1..5 0 .:; '2. ti.O 15.1 ;.q, 4•Birds , A I 1/.Z t).() If..! A /J /) ().b 11.P M ~Clouds, Oust, etc. tJ /) t) t?.0 I.I (J.tJ d tJ /) ().O 0.1) ~-0 6--lnsuHic. lnfu. ...2 0 ? 51.7 /J.P p / tJ I '77 t1,() 7,/ 7-Psycfllloaical 11 /) ,:? tJ./J /J./J (),{1 If tJ I) ().~ tJ.O t?-0 &-Unknown .1 ll g /'3.0 ,:J./) /J,t) </ t) If .... 11 M J().8 9-0lller I\ I I p.() //,} /f,3 () d /) (l,0 tJ.o 0.0 Total /!, !?' :J? I.S,) ... ,;_; 11~». 9 4 13 6'1~ ~.1 /PP. tisn;o,;ps - ,F /4JA/IITFS ;;-3;:; /1 ✓ ,<.,yvT.£'S Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DooblM Total 0-Balloon / / :2 II I //,/ 7:l.z I ~ J ~7 2-6.7 J.J.~ 1-Astronomical / / ,2. II. I /I.I :U.2 y' CJ /I ~,: /J,{) l..z..<7 2-Aimatt 3 t1 3 33.3 tJ.O 313 I / ,,2 /.7 £7 134 3·UghtPh8lom. 0 (} /J t/,/) tJ,() {),/) / /) I •. 7 t:J.o a 4-Sirds /) 11 (J t1.?i /J.(} /), C) 0 I I /.() /.7 /.7 )-Clouds, Oust. etc. f) 0 {) d, r) c.o ().0 tJ If tJ /J./) (l. /} t:J.p 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. I /] I ~/. I /}, /) /I.I I tJ I {7 I}.() 1.7 7-Psychological d tJ I" /'.O /),(} /).0 /) ,1 fl (),0 IJ.tl /),/) 8-Unkno'MI I 0 I ,.f./ f).O II./ ,? 0 (} tJ.() tl.P /J.tJ 9-0ther 0 0 (? UJ M 0-tJ t) / I C,() o.7 ,6',7 I Total 7 ,2 9 'IN ~.:l !OP. (?' 7 /f' 55.:? 'f"- 7 /1)0. E (/it.. t/,fV<2trl ~ SFt..tiA/PJ .,,,.,,,,., L,1:s5 ,:{-/!? S,1=:u,;vo.J' I Number PerCenl Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloobtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon 0 cJ 0 ~/2 tJ.O ()/J 0 /} t> Jp /0 ll.t l•Astronomical (/ -:?fl /f-.2- 95 c;,w1 ltr.i,1 /) ol ,J_ I.R :z.u fff~ 2-Aircratt /J ,;, z_ /Jr, ;/f It.] 0 / I /l.• /1/,3 1//;J ~Phenom. 0 0 t? t?.O tJ,P tJ,t) () 0 /? tJ.0 tJ.tJ tJ.tJ ~ 0 I I ~. .:JI 2-./ 15 0 /J /)./) (),/) tJ,p S-Clouo:i., _.. st, etc. 6 () fJ 0 t (),/) /JO 0 I) tJ /J.t tf.() cu ~lnsuffic. Info. ;l._ {) 2 Y.'1 /J,/J 11.3 / tJ I No t',(l !IA~ 7-PsycOOlogical 0 t'J /l p.() M (/.t " " /? t!,() I.I tJ,t) 8-Unknov«1 tJ ! t) /:d M M ~ 0 -7 bf.i:; 6./) ).'I,{, 9-0ther 11 () (? I.I /).t o.o / tJ I IN~ tJ,O llf.1 Total ;; Ill f 7 /,2~ <,t1), ltP. //- 1 7 [<;1 I '/,Jj I 00 //.)e-.;cwp5 - S-.AtwTFS b-dtJ NJ.tV//TE:5 Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 1,;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon r, 0 I ,27~ /),/) t7,3 ..:2 .,, 4 //).() JtJ.() "71)_/) I-Astronomical /) ~ 3 ,.,,0 I-i..' ;U -:.; ,f 3 ;s:p tJ.t} /5";/) 2•A11craft 1 ,< S 1'3.6 q,/ 9.J.,7 '.< 3 I /S-:t !S-:tJ 3M 3-Llght Phenom. tJ () t? M /J./) (/./) n 0 0 ()./} /J.O 1-rJ 4-Birds tJ 0 p O,C /),I) M 0 /) t) 1/./) ,J.!) M S-Clouds, Oust, etc. 0 /) p t).() M (}.() /J I) (l M t),j {}.tJ S-lnsuH1c. lnlo. .1 /) 5 11,6 c.o 13,£ / IJ I 5:'0 rJ.p £{) 7-Psycflological () a 0 00 0.0 tJ.t / 0 I ,7,/) /),0 5:0 &-Unknown fl () JI 11.1-.:;; tJ.O /f,2 4<. I} .4 ~.[, t7.0 J.P./} 9.0ther / tJ I ✓, ~o J/S / 0 I n l).t' !,,/) I Total 17 , :l.:J 7H ln,.7 11~~. IS- s- fZ{} 7H 2S: 0 //)/), 162 \ l/-3tJ 5'ncP/YP5 Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total d ,.J :z.. IJ./) ;:z2.o 77 A / I /). 4 //./ /I, I ./ (l I II.I /l. () //,/ d IJ ,? !.t 0,() ;_/) ,1 /J " M "·" ~() d t) t) t) 0 !),{) tJ,P / d I II./ ,?/) Ill I (/ /) t),t t1,!) (l,p -t A 3 YJ.3 t),/) 3.7.3 A I I /J,{) /I./ II,/ ~ II ? 53',t lfl,/./1 /tJP. ,:::JveH 3tl Ml.tVVTeS Nuntler Per Cent ~ertain OoubHul Total Certain Doubtful Total C/ /} £1. v<f~ t?.O ikJ1. 3 J.1 ? ~~-~ M 33.J / CJ I II J ,1, (} Ill ,-1 0 17 tJ,o /},/) 0./J l'1 11 /) tJ,0 tJ.(? 0./) l'1 (J () /1,{I (? /) (J,/) C) d tJ tJ.O (J,O /),/) / If I //./ ~{) /!,/ 0 (7 /) t!, () M tJ.() 0 /I () (),t /},b t!,o 9 t:> f INl_() ;J,{) /PtJ. //-J ,?l 5tEctJ.IYPJ Nunler Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 0 t? o.C tJ.O tJ,/J ..3. ~ ,, .,, '<'I'~ s-.s:r _'l (1 ;2... ,,.:1 (),() ;J.:7.,,1.. d tJ " M /J.tJ /J.O d d I) 0,0 (J./J tP.o 11 0 t) (,d tJ,t) 0./) / iJ I II/ tJ.o II. I d 0 p tJ,(J /}, u /J.1) I c) I /JI j,{) II.I 0 0 ~ 1J./) (),/) /.J,O 6 3 ? LL 1P, li?t', tJv~/f 3 tJ /Jf;;vvr,e-5 Number Per Cent J;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /J t) tJ M /J.O 1).0 1 rl 3 t/J.' /}./J 11-.z.r 0 / I !),Z /,/;3 /1/.:3 t') t') tJ M fl.() M 0 0 p M t)} /),f) () n t? rJ.O O.f) /),/1 / /') I 111,3 !l./) /11:3 /) () ?' /),0 tJ.j J./) / /) I 1/f.3 (),{) ltf.3 / ,1 I 11/;3 0.0 II/;• If I 7 ~, 11/-.3 Illa .'f/-1~ S,1;cNVPJ Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,1 t) /) ;),O (J.() tJ.O 0 d t) /).O t) () t). 0 ~ 0 ;z SIM /),/) S-4./} d 0 ,9 11.() tJ.O /Jb tJ (j 19 0.() d.D t), () C) 0 (? t!,t M tJ.L, / 0 I ;2,:1 /1,I) :ZS-,!} tJ Cl /l 0-0 11.0 0.0 d d /) ()/J (),O "·Q / d I ;J.f;P /},/) ~§;/) II- tJ y' l{)O,I t).tJ IN. /f/-1r 5T,1T.t=P - Number Per Cent Certain Doubtfu Total Certain lloobtful Total <; ..:l. 7 fl~ ~ 'I 1/,S ,r /.:5 ,2/ i.~ I 21. 'I ]/,'if .r 'I ,!' 9.2 ti 9 I 3./ () I I ~-0 /,C, u I ~ 3 1.6 ~:? 11,f t) /J I) P.6 o,n I),/) /4 0 //) 111 "/ dJ) //.II- 0 0 /) O.tl 1\1\ /J,/) y t) If I.. C. l'l/1 l.t -~ r/ ~ ✓ .'I I ,r. ltS J£ _z,- '/ 1.,:-qo r(" /OtJ. .31-c o SecPNP5 Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total /) r1 t1 JJ,O JJ./) /},t) _.., 0 J_ J Ii' -, I,() /f.,2, .:;, .6 ::z... l'i.2.. tJ.{) lt.2 /) (J 0 11.() tJ.t) /J.tJ J 0 ..1.. lf.7... 1-P /(.A. tJ 0 0 /),/) 0,0 tJ.O / tJ I 9/ p.() 'I.I ll /\ ,:J /), (, tJ./) /),/J r, a.LI- -:ic. s /),(J 16,1,I- 0 0 ~ I)./) l.tJ /).() II /) // /00.() tf,() IM Mr STATF'.P Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 'l () "'f "9 M If.'{ I< 9 ~ 7'( ~ 1,(1 31./ a' J // J?.? If.'! /7.) ,1 /) /l 1.0 tJ,p I)./) () 0 /) tJ,0 l,t) tJ.t) 0 11 ,? /J,() t),j tJ.v /.,) 11 I~ ?t_ 9 tJ,tJ l;?/1' ,.,1. 0 ,:L "{? P.v J,2 6 0 p q_ (' "" 9,.f .., /) :l- 1. .2 I./) J,? n /..Z... "' jj'/ t) /'?.I) /f),1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 172 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Asbanomical 2-Aircraft 3-LiRf,tPhenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6--lnsuffic. tnro. 7-P,ycliolopCII 1-Unlalown '-Otber Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft Hight Ptunom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds_ Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffit.lnfo. 7-Psychological &-Unknown 9-0lhe, Total Evaluation 0-B~loon I-Astronom1cal 2-Ai,cratt 3-LighlPhOIOIII. 4-Birds S-Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psychological 8,,Unkno'MI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&ht Phenom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Oust, etc. 6--lnsuHit. Into. 7-Psycllolo&ical 8-Unlalo.., ~111.. Total ~ ~ ECPNP.5 ANP Less Nu- Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total / /J I /'_'/ P.l {7 ~ y fl) @I) :i,.· £'(.7 / /] I t.7 rJ.O 17 tJ /J 0 ao !J.l 0.0 tJ ~ t7 /).() t7.{) c.o () /I /} /).j /).0 (),t .:l 0 :J... /"' .:i rJ.O 13.3 tJ t) /} o.o tU (},() / a I (.7 tJ.t £7 IJ () I) (J,0 t?.t /),0 II ¥ IS' n.~ ?(."/ j#. 61 c.lECO.¥P.,- ..,-4.,,y,:.,r,1:5 Number Percent Certain Ooobtful Tomi Certain Doubtful Tomi </ / .r J?< 3./ /5.t :-:r ,1 3 q 'i t7.0 '/,/1- .3 / /.-1 1/. <I 3.1 12.5 C) 0 0 t?.C ().() co () 0 0 fJ.O o.o 0.t 0 0 tJ o.o tJ,{ {),(, "{ 0 J 9.11 0.0 1.IJ. / () I 1.1 (},(; J, I /3 /J 13 "/I) /ii, /1().1 ,.,2 / 3 lo,;; '1.1 'l.l u 3 ~ t:JLJ.~ 9. f 11P~ ~/ll?t,£ /I /dr? /?.s-1 ~ .J' EL OA//?S .d>(P /E!S5 Number Percent Certain Ooobtful Tomi Certain Doubtfu I Tomi I} 0 I Q 0. o., _..,- _:; '7 ,;17 lr.,7 ~?.'! I t: I I'~ o.o 5,1 tJ t'l I) 0.0 o_o 00 () 0 tJ P.o (JO 0.0 t1 /l () 0,0 0.0 00 d t'J /) 0/) 0.0 {)IJ cJ t'J I/ O..P il.O /J,I! y 11 JI. 1-2,u 0.0 g51 () t'J 0 (1() 0.0 0.0 10 :2 /:l l11l3 /{,_ 7 /Of. ti .SEc,,JVPs -.: /1'/,wvr.cs - PerCBII Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ / 3 ~j lf.J !'f.3 /) / I t)() 'f.f 'IX .-r / 4 114'. - If Y 11./ ,., / I Ot H 'U CJ 0 t) 0./J tl,() 0 0 () 0 tJ Oil ll,{) (l/l I () I 19 o.o 1./.'I {) / I 0() lf.f 'lk 1 0 p '3'1./ 0.() Jt.l ,,2_ () .z 9, o.cJ v; 16 5 -Z./ 7C,.). 23. 't /ti(!. tf'-/0 .5 re ON/?5 Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful A /J (J O,t (), l / ..;, 3 -;,<I, t;A/1 I CJ I O(A !},() tJ t1 () tl.u I.L 0 0 () (),t t'./1. C) /] t) t?.I 0/1. /] 0 t) d.O /}./} 0 0 0 tJ.I) ;J() 0 " () /)~ ()j ~ 0 () 110 1/,/) ; ~ ,I ('d,ll l<d.ll £-3tJ Mv.tvrF.5 Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Tomi Certain OoobtM ,t .2 IO -VJ ,;. ' -..,, /l :z. 5t, I).(; ~ .3 6 ~-' V ,1 tJ () b/, ;J,{) tJ /J 0 17.f) 11~ tJ t} t) a~ 0.0 :'f /J 3 9.-1 !?,/) / ,1 I :7, tH // /) ti J()C, OJ) / .,l 3 ;,,g .~ .Z..9 7 u 1110.t: /9, '/ 6-/v' 5.F£t1JV.P.J' Number Per Coll Certain Oocl>lful Total Certain Doubltil tJ /) /} M Q() .;; /] L Y«O OP I " I '".0 0,1) t'l /J 11 /,/) 01) /J 0 ~ 00 ().() 0 0 fl 01) 0,/) t? a /) M /)j) " () tJ 0.11 0,1) ,,2 t} 7 ~~ P.P 0 0 tJ /)() I)!} 5' 0 ,, JJl/1_~ 00 6-3,t) #,,,V,,.rE-, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful .,z_ d .1. 110.5 (}.II '3 I J+ /5,9 n ,.2 3 ~ /b.'{ /$:9 0 0 tJ (J_(} (J.tJ " 0 cJ O.tJ IJ.0 () () tJ ~o 00 / 0 I <.~ M 0 /') () 0.CJ I.I) SI 11 II .zl.l ao 3 () :r /ff I,() 15' If /9 7i.1 :ii. I 163 //-Jt) 5,FC.Ll,Yt?J 7/-tf'tJ .5',F,:p,yp5 Number Percent Number Per Cent Total """'n Doll>tful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !). l ~ / I /).t /,1 Q IM / tf I If/ /J.P Ill 7S:P ..< () :z.. ~,?)I M :zp,I) (} ~ 2 ao I??_ _'.) ;z;z,:;_ :7>.l -~ .:, s-- 1A.A ?t1_.0 J;P,/) _., l'l 2 ?2,., IJA 72, t?.O " r) ,, /), {) ao a1J /J ,J () 0. t P,{} I.O /)I', () /] t') .?,O t?P 0. A 0 c) t? 1J.l /1.(I /J b /)I) 0 I) () IL {}p 0.1) d (, /] 11.t t'f! /J,t) /J,A / tJ I /d./J !J.t //}.(; " /J () {)(} IJ,/) ti.{) (JJ ,1 () & O.o (),{) ().() t1 0 tJ O.c /}.{) o.o 1,/) / () I /t:1./J r)./) /t1.l} 3 0 '3' ~'t, (),0 ??~ tJ.p ~ () 0 rJ.P t?.t J.I) / d I // I /J.O I/I !IP. 7 3 /~ 7An :30iJ !OP. 7 1 9 ??.J :Z;/.::J Ill. cJveN $1) M. -✓t/TEY Mr ~)VJTE'P Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Tolal ertain Doubtful Tomi Certain Doubtful Tola! certain Doubtfu Tomi Certain Ooobtful Total :l7.~ J 0 3 JJ.J M J'i3 ( d fl. 7. '/ 4 d 7.tf S:/, .:; / 3 ,V,;, //,/ n3 y < It/ I/C,J 9. 3 'HO 1/.b /] 0 c) {),0 (),0 (),{) 9 '3 1:Z. IN.7 5'./,. J2.J 11/J /J 0 tJ t?.0 (/,{/ P,t) cJ () I ,::P.(J o_lJ P. fl 0.0 " 0 0 1).0 tJ.O tJ./1 t) 0 l'J /J_t1 oo Q.tl /)I, t} 6 tJ tJ.O l,t} tJ,/) 0 0 ,& a.If {J./2 P.t? l,3 / () I II, I 1H //,/ /q ,., /tf 1,~q /J/J 2Pf 2.i () 0 0 ao t7.o tJO /J C, tJ ~.d A/I /).(J 71?,i .:2 () .2. l.22.2 (J.0 22.l 1 t) f Pit /J.11 t'I-J' '/.ti- () CJ t) OJ V,() I),() .:l ~ z. ~1 /) t1 J,7 l!OV. 8 I p Rfq /(I llb't1. -9'ti, 8 Jp lff5.1. 1</.f 100. S/1,(,h'T//Vr. .S . /~?tJ SFCt?A/PS ,3 /-'5',::J ..J'Et:.11.,YL;,,1 Nul!d>er Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Tomi Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Ooobtful Total 0.0 ti ,1 () OR II.I? ~{j t'J 0 {? 0..0 ~I) 0,() 'IV ,;;, 0 2. 1~~1 /)_I) B,3 /] / I P.I) -,,1_/) '.N-0 20.P ~ (7 2 1.,,_~, P.O 33. 3 .3 I JI. ,..,.,,, ~.I. &atJ P.() .,, t'J t) p;; l)O II.I? ·t'l ,., p n; I)() (/I? Po 0 / I /}_I) /,-7 1n 0 0 C, ().(} Pt) co /JI) " tJ tJ P.tJ P./) v.o () 0 ,? P.P 0,0 tJ.(J {}.() 11 tJ ,:) 0./J !llJ I.II 0 tJ ,:) 00 01? /)./J /)_I) () ,:;/ I) 1./J p,I) 9.P /') /) () /lo /).f} /)(l ,¢1).IJ / () I 16,7 Q,0 /t.7 ,J (J p Pl, fl) !l.lJ 0.{J t? CJ 11 N tJ I) pp 0 tJ /) /}./J P.V O.tJ m s I 6 J<i,.3 ,,.J ltJP. 3 "' s ~I', 1/o.ll //P. ?JVER .5.1/ ffilVt/T,/?.f /l/4r TAT$P Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Tomi ·-•~n Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Tomi Certain Doubtful Total /0-5 / () I ;<(.: il(} lf3 -;;: JS" 6,5 If. 3 /PJ' '),/.f / / 2.. l'f·3 If.) U6 :3 ':} // 15 Ii 7. { 23. 'f 1'-3 / t1 I /1/.5 O,CJ fll.3 ...::z. / 3 ,;/.3 :2 .:) '.$' (/_/) 0 0 (l IJ.(J tl.Cl P.D / 0 I ~ 7 O.tl :n r.o (} 0 b' tJ.v' f(} c.o 0 /l LI M OJ) 00 (J,() " () t) o.v Cl() 17,C CJ /] tJ M O,(} {)V n ..1. (J z -,9,,:; (J_{} 2J.6 /() tJ IP __,, J Q.0 1.J. 7 IJ,() t} 0 rJ otJ 1,0 PP I 0 I ~-::; (}CJ J.'J 'JI.I / /) I llf.3 f.tJ /il-.3 /~ (J /3 ?9, C.tJ 2?. ... IS.J.> d 0 /) o.o t',/) t?,(I .::J /j ? <I.' OrJ 'f. 3 /PP. ~ I 7 ~f.7 IY.3 /00. 35' II "' 11r.l 1.73. '1 ;QO.


=== Page 173 ===

Evaluation ~Balloon 1-Astnl"!)ffliCII 2-Aircrlft >Liat,tPll1110m. 4·Birds S-Clouds. Dus~ et~ 6-tnsolli~ Info. 7-PsydDJo&i<II ·- !l,Qa,., Total Evaluation II-Balloon 1-A-ical 2-Airaalt 3-1.iat,tl'tllllOffl. 4-Sinls S-Clouds, Du>~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psyct,olosical 8-Untmo"1 !1-0a,er Total £:J(,91.(//IT((?A/ t7P &Jgt!r SfGl{Dlt/GS If</ LJ//Jf&Trt2A/ P,&' S/G/0"'/IV~, lfS:Z ~ <i'ECtllV/?5 A.up/ PSS ,<-/tJ f Ft:t>IYPS ll-3tJ Srct!J¥P.s 3/-L~ ,'J,FCt>IVRf - Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I ✓ (. 0.5 ;t71 J.2 ;2 J/;' _? < ~~ ,.i tj 6 /0 _, 9 y~ 1.1. g 'l /7" 7. t) 7.i l'I. ~ t:r/ ~J) H ~'I Ii' I< so.o /Jl ;-, '10 -'J:J:i. /Iii 31.0 11 7 2/f U/ ,\.Ii 17./ 1 ~ /0 t.. / J.i 8.1 /9 ~,I 38 '1.i /t.9 7.0.7 JI.. ia.4 /91 ,n an :2.Y ?.J t& 1-?/l / ?A,,j 14'o.o ;J./ 17 38 /1.1, /Y.J 33.1 J .., f .s /. I /., I ,? I /, 1 1U ,.1 I I ,. ? .7 /.4' 11 .:; 1 11 /l l.'1 /. 7 / -:i 4- s /.(" :z. I iJ I I d.P /J /, '1. I tJ I . i dti ,7 .:l I ~ I? q ~-, 0 I I 4.11 s o.s /) I, 0 (}.0 tU o. 0 0 ,;; ,. ,11) / ~ I. tf ,, a 0 o.o (} ,0 q.l 9 t'1 ,, '19 0,0 H C. 11 (; H O.I 7-'f Id CJ I b 1/ o.o 1./ 9 () f 1. 'I ()-0 7-8 .1 11 '2. J I n (} I. I () /) 0 0 o.o o.l y I 5 'JJl () '] J., ;;; () i, /.7 o.o /, 7 JQ A If /A 1 o.o If. J /j ~ 1'3 1/i? D-1 1,.0 ~ () ::/2 1<l o.o /5.7 ~I " 31 1 21/J o.v no V ,j 10 ~.3 I. f 5.'f I ,1 I /:l 0.0 /. i. <I !I 9 2.q .2.9 5,f( I _:) _g /l 9 1.7 :{.t 1'23 f.l II.ft/ ,¼J 11~ 1 10a f1 ;/ 'f XI 70.'I ,,,, /.. ,hi_ 'II lf9 1ro r:.<.0 l-t(11 /di. e, 31 J/< ~1/ ""'.(.; /40. £/.f',:Ct:?/1/15 -.Ffe,11vTFS ,5-~tJ fa'//,vvr/;S ////FH -:I~ ,4{/,yvrFs Mr L. TATEi? Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Nulltler Per Cent Number Per Co,t Certain 0OIJbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certai n Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ~!it f,2. 10 11": II/, ;n ,:; 1A 90 111 lt1.f.. 28.3 ,;JI /~ H t.J:d f.' 2l~ ..2~ IL 'f Q 11,.S Ci /'I.?.. -, G B ,1? ., ? J.'t IS N J 3 C1 './.J II.(, .,, /1 J3 j(/1 q3 21., ~f,I fi J t "i< 2:i I/ 3 f/(1 f/S H II/.', /0 l.?u., .t ,JJ U, ld.:2 9'.5 lt.7 1 ? I 'f bO 0 11.4 :.'~ -::2J/ K&' /~ / 'i. s 20,(, s ..7 7 I.~ ,1,? :,.s A s 18 1/C, /. <J ,.11 I .:J J A.7 I. 'I u 1 CJ J' /.1 o.t I. I / ~ I tJ. ~ 4./) ,.'f t) () ,, o.o (l.0 o., .2 11 fZ, I~ (J. 0 I.If I IJ I d'I- 0.0 P.Lf t) ":f 3 o., I.I /./ I I i ,1.~ ;t/ o.8 / 0 I 111 o./J P. 1 / 0 / tJ. </ OJ) Q.lf /l t1 17 1../ o. p ,., .2/1 tJ tlf (/.S IU 8.5 ' () I, 'I'. 3 ,u f./.J ~7 0 1,1 ., .. ~ O.P 23-J r./ ~ 7 I.~ I,/ ~-5 '1 0 1 ~.< 0.0 2.5 ¥ J 1 :J.9 0.7 3.t ,;/. / .5' l.l. ~ 0 IJ /. I '71 t) 7/ -,s., o.o 25.i ,('/ tJ .f'I H./J o.O 1/.D "r• /l 33 ..2.(t. 0.0 :ll(, C.'5 ,, 1,g 7:J_~ '· ' iv, ( d 9 ..7.9 u :. f //) ., /1. l< 11. 7 1/.2 1 .~ IQ .<.o _-1./ 1., /_j / J5 \'.(-◄ I). I/ lf,.7 1e6 '1 I ?77 le.?./ ~.9 //J(J. ;/Of 7'l ~JP 172. I 219 I II. JO~ 38 1/v'JJ 112.9 1.:rJ / I IP. 231 so I-ii'/ 11/:?,;l 11. f ltJCJ. 164 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1· I


=== Page 174 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1119.!tli /lltJ.t MP/I/ h'S ~ II. ,_ ,r£4~,,,,,,.,, - PerC01I Number PerCOII Efll•tioo Cet1ain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain - Jl.8111111111 t) /) 0 tJ.t? {).() t).I) ,, 0 0 11./J tUJ 1-Asblllmical 5 21 .Z6 /1,.7 l?'JJ.0 'rit. 7 #' /. 10 J/,JI 5"1.!i 2-Airaalt /) /J 0 /J.t) /1/J ,., ,, /J ,:, 0 /),; /)_/, HiJl!,tl'II01oll. (J ,: 0 t).() f?/! /J.tJ t7 ,0 0 /1/l IJ./} 4-Birds L7 /J 0 /)/J /J. ,1 IJ.t) 0 ,? t) /]_/J IJ.,J 5-Cloads,Dost.ot, t7 0 0 (J.() 17.0 0. C, ,? t) t? I}/) /J.() &-_,Info_ L7 0 0 IJ.C, tJ. () I?() t7 0 0 /}/} /J. r:J 7-Psydlolo&ical I 0 I 2. q 11.0 .?..1 p t7 0 I}.() tJ.t? .._ 2 0 2 ~.7 ·1" '-',? ,:, /) t1 IJ.(} ,,,, 9-0tller ,:, I I 17.() ,r.s 5-1 / 0 I y/ IJ.r:J TDIIII R Z<! 30 21,.1 '11.5 /(JP, s ~ // ¢5'.5 5//fi ,.,,,,,,, Jv•e Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain ODUbtful Total Certain Doomtful Total Certain Dotmtful Total Certain - 0-11111- /J n 0 ,,_,, n.n o.o I LJ I 3.7 0.0 1-A-ical t. J ., 25:o l!.6 •:,,t,;. ,d .I ,g 37.0 Z'f.(; 2-Airmft ~ I G 12DS' 4./ N9 .7 I 'I- //. I 3.7 3-LiJIIII PIIOIDII. 17 /} CJ 4/J ,,_ /J '1 n ,, C) () 0./) a() 4-Birds 0 u 0 IJ./J l?.tJ t).0 ,, n 0 o.P 0.0 5-Cloods, Dus~ et, / n I 41 ~~ /11 0 n () ,i?O 0. t> 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .., tJ 3 11.'> ,,_,, 12.s f I) 3 II.I o.o 7-Psycholoaical n t) 0 ~/) /J./J t"J.o tJ p 0 c.o ,:J.O 8-Unkno-, ~ ,0 z ~f /J.O J?.1 tJ 0 0 ao o.P 9-0ther ? 0 3 lf.6 /).I} /2.5 I t) I "3.7 If).{!) TDIIII Zt) ¥ Zl.f f.!..J /£. 'I 1100. 18 "1 ;z7 "'·' S~s S&"1rEHdl!U /Jero4c-' I Number Per Cent _, Per Cent Evaluation Certain D"'btful Total cmn Doomtful Total Certain Doomtful Total Certain Doubtful 0.11111... 0 /) I? o.o IJ.O o.o IJ :t. z ~tl 5:1, 1-Asbonoeical ·'1. I /-:/ ,:-,( I Q.f 1£1.9 17 t Z3 //:tt //._ 7 2-Aircraft I !Z. 3 1/1' 9.5 l;i/_J I .J' 'f ?.1 l1 3-LiJIIIIPII- ,, tJ 0 o.a o.o t!>.o t7 I / I /J.tJ t.i 4-Birds /J /J 0 IJ.,1 IJ.() 'ln I I z u ?.K 5-Clouds, Dist, etc. ,, (J 0 /J.tJ 11./J IJ/) I) Cl (} tJ.() 0.0 6-tnsuffic.~ID.. 2- tJ ,2 9.5. /Jn 9~ I IJ I 2. f /J.tl 7-Psycholoaical ,? 0 0 /J.t) tJ.() /}.() IJ t7 tJ /).() 0.0 11-l)dmo• ?. ,, z 9.., /J.I) ¥.5 j /J 3 IH /}.() 9-0ther D I I o.tJ 1/.f .t/R 0 () tJ tJ. tJ /J.IJ TDIIII 17 t./ ZI lf/.tJ lf.tJ 10(). li!3 /.'? "3(,, ~.f. 4 ~,.1 165 I £e s LcSS MA,UH ,4,,:,~,, Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Tolal Certain l)o,mtful Total Certain Oaubtlul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doldltlul Total 0. () () ,:;, 0 ')11 '! /, /J.O I /J I 51. /J/J s. II, 'IIJ.9 t, fl' I~ f7.5 5lJ.o S'/6 I/ 0 // /_/./ ,, /J £/./ (J.IJ A 0 0 '1./J ,, ~ /2(} ,?_ () 2 //.I ,1,/J I/./ /) /J .d 0 0 /J. tJ IJ.o f?n t7 n () /J/J /J /J (1.,:J /1_/! /J ~ 0 /}./} /J,., /).,:; /J I I /2(7 ..,(I, !!!,./, O.r:J 0 ,,, t> ao /},/) tJ.tJ /J ,? I'] .17.0 d.t7 /1_/J /J.() , 0 I £..5 #.tJ I,, .J /. 0 I ,;;-" 4/J "'/. O.t) " ,!J 0 o.tJ (J.t) fln 0 0 0 AtJ 0.0 /}.,t') ().() / ,,, I 1..$ tJ. tJ i,.S ,t 0 z //./ ,?_/J //./ fl t) t) 0 II.() 11/J 0.LJ t) ,:;, 0 A/J o.o t7.o /(JU. Ir 'If /(:, ~o 5lJ.tl //)/). 17 I Ill' 9d"' 5.(, voo. ,./4.uu A11,tsvsr Nuoller Per COit Number PerCOlt Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certain - TDIIII certain - Tolal Certain lllllblllll TDIIII Z.7 ./ .2, 3 0.9 If 2.7 /,J ...J' .7 /).0 5.5 1,'5 ,,., f,fl ~,; 6Z r,!11' 21.0 St-.1 IS- UA .s-s J'/.1/ I.IL,; L::!'i N-.8 ,I /~. 23 IJJ.I I/.(} ?I I 1 f II .!.6 ~.§ IJ.R /).0 I p I IJ. 9 O.IJ tJ.9 p I I 0-0 u /?. d.D I .2- J /J. 4 /.R 2.1 IJ 0 0 tJ.0 o.o d.O ,t)_ t) IJ I I /).0 ().9 0.9 IJ tJ 0 tJ.IJ (}.P o.() //./ , p z /$ o.o /R L t) ' :(() ~-() 10 o.o /J t? 0 /).0 ().0 ().0 I p I I?, (}.tJ 1.,2 0.0 /?_ (I 12 //. () ().0 I/ I) t 0 C, '/.tJ (7.0 '/.O 3.7 2. I} .e J..i (}, () I. R 2 I 3 2.1 /.:2, fG Joo. l!.9 U.I /09 ,2.11 ff.t, //)/}_ 33 S-3 Jf~ gf_l/ ~//, Joa A/n,,,:,wdeA! /J~t'G",c, ,,,,,e, Nuoller Per COit Number Per COit Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Tot~ Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ,;_(, ,d 0 0 tJ.() /J_n ,,.,,,_ /) IJ " /J.tJ 12(} r:J./J 'L.7.9 -? /U -:?.I }',JI_ 9'F. ..1 11:1.11 , .. I.?. z'f ~/J ,;,,,_,., RP.o //.I fl I 3 II,.'/ .?.4 :,,,__1 ,, Ll t:J ,,,, IJ.n /J.t, 2.f / t7 I ..r.'rl ,,_,, ?.u" t7 Ll 0 /J/J "?" /J.r:J 5.L ,, ,, 0 .i.O /J.IJ l?.O /J n tJ /J/J /}_() /J./J IJ.LJ t) t7 () tJ.O /J.O IJ/J tl tl t) /1/1 /J.IJ /J/. f.f p 0 D IJ.() /},/) /?A 0 ,? 0 /JO tJ.O /J./J Ot7 tl /J 0 tJ. tJ /J.O I t7.tJ () t7 0 ll.ll /l(} 11/J ~g 5 t) 3 /tl.3 IJ.tJ /tH t. () £ RtJ.n () (} 2P,0 I},, I () I Jq ,1/J ?.ef p t7 0 tJ.O /}./} IJ.0 /PP. /fl. /~ 29 ¢f.J ~/.7 ,ti?. /~ /:Z c?t:I t./J_/1 ~o /(JI).


=== Page 175 ===

£{f,9L tMT(P/1/ tJF l?LL rat MPl//:r/lS OF </_.9AI ,_..._,,.,,,1. r/ffARvA,ev Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon tl /J /J tJ.o o.O d.O /) ,:, tJ /JO ,?£, LJ.O l•Astronomical / 5 & //./ §5.I. 1.1...J I tl I /m, /J /'} l/h:10 2•Aircraft .? / I tJ.0 ti. I II. I /J /J Cl /Jr- ,,,, /J./,) 3-Liahl Phenom. /J /J tJ 0.0 "· 0 o.o tl /) ;;, /J."7 /J/J /Jr. 4•Birds 17 t? /J o.o o.o 0,0 /J /} /? /J,t) tJ,? tM S-Clouds, DusL el~ tJ /J /J d.0 P.fJ ao t? /) C1 IJ/J /J/J ,1/J 6-lnsuffic. -.11. / /J I ti./ 0.0 II. I tJ t? CJ tJ.o f)IJ (J./J 7-P,ydlolo~cal /) /,) /) 0.0 o.o "·" tJ /) Cl Clo -'?" (?.tJ &-Unknown / Cl I //./ (),0 I/. I £1 £1 tl /J/1 /}t) t?.tJ 9-011,e, /J tl /J tJ.() (7.0 ().0 /J CJ 0 /)tJ tJtJ t?/l Tolll .? t. f 55.1 M•. 7 /nn. I tJ I /1,>).tJ tltl lt:¥7. M",/ ;,, e Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon I tl I $'..J c,_t) g .J I IJ I 5.tJ /J.IJ J;'O l•Astronomical ..f /} .5' 25:tJ tJ.tJ ?.:;.o ( '1 //7 i,;-o ft;: tJ ,;-'/);J 2--Aircraft .2, I J /t.1 f.! 2![_() ! tJ .! /C:.tl /J.O IS.tJ 3·Liehl Phl!IOm. /J I / "·" f.J f. J Ll J' J 0.tJ 15'.0 /5'/J 4-Birds :? t) /J I),() M (J,tJ /J 0 tJ //" ,.,,, /] /J §-Clouds. Dust. elc. tJ /) tJ 11.tl ,P.0 O.tJ () IJ tJ ,1/J ,1./J l!./J 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. z tJ 2 /1,.J ,:J,O //..1 ?, /) 2- //Jn tJ./J //1.0 7-Psychololital tJ tJ /J ,!}_(/ tJ. () ().0 tJ IJ c7 tl./J 17./J /) /J &-Unknown .t- tl 2- lt..7 ().0 //,.1 I t'2 I ,;:,:; '!" 5.tJ 9-0ther t) cJ tl t:I.D 0.0 0.0 /J 0 0 /J,., /J. /J /l_A I Total It? 2, 12- vu lt.'1 /()/). /tJ It' 2tl ,</1,:, .c~o /()/J ,5e,P7,,.,~A~, /},_ Number PerCenl Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Tolll 0.Balloon /l I I /J,J //) /J I //J /J /J /J 0 (l.(J /JI} IJ.t) l•Astronomical ~ I s 2/Jo /t). tJ J'tJ.O /,? ..! 15 ltt.7 Jt).tl 91..7 2·Aircraft ,? 2- z /] /) ?/J./J 2tJ/J /J tl tl ",., /1 /) A 3-Li&hl Phenom. tJ 0 t7 /JO /}./J /J. IJ /J IJ /) /J /J /]/] /)/] 4-Birds /J I / /J. cJ It?. /J //J.IJ IJ /) tl tJ.(l 1)/J ,1/J 5-Clouds. Oust, etc. Ll t1 /J o.t? t}.I) /J.tl /J 17 0 /l_/1 IJ/J /)/) 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. tJ IJ tl (J.(J /)_ /J ,,,,, (l cJ 0 /J./} IJ.IJ 0.() 7-Psychological t:l tJ 17 th'J CJ.CJ IJ.O /J ,fl I) 17. IJ /)/) tJ. iJ &-Unknown 5 /) J' ~,1 t}.IJ !ao £. tJ ~- /_{g /]/] 1/J.J 9-0ther .? /J 0 ,?. (J ,1.t? ,, n /J /J CJ /J.() ao tJ. tJ Total 5 5 //7 517.{) 5't) CJ ,,,,, /2, s /5'° W.tJ 20. (J /tJ(J. 166 M-4R~~ Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I} tJ tl /J /) /)/) /J./7 I /) I it. 7 IJ.I} lt..7 I /J I //.. 7 /2.17 ;,:..;t I} /) t:l /J.~ /}/) tJ.O / /J I //... 7 ./! /J /L.7 tJ ,? /J /J.tJ /J.IJ /]/'J /J t:l tJ IJtl f)tJ tJ.tJ tJ /J /J /J./J t?.tl t)O J' tJ 1 !i'J.A tJ.CJ 5tll) 17 /J /J /J.tJ ,?, /J /J.O b CJ /. ltt1t1.t:> t?.tl la?. Ju.:,1 Nuntier Per Cent L;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I /) I ~,:; 0./J N/ /fl £ 20 JI/. I Ill. 111g_7 I ,:- // /1/6 12.2 20 ,(J I) /J 17,() (J.tJ tJ.tJ 0 0 /) o.o d.0 O.(, # /J /J 0.0 (}.fl t?.t I ,? I Pl ().0 2.¥ IJ (J ,? d.tl i:UJ ().0 '? tJ 7 11. I t:),0 I 1./ I t) I vi t?. () 1JI .5'tl // 41/ 111'.Z Hi /00. A/t1uPMAPP Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /) ,? tJ /} /, IJ.t) /}.{) f I 9" ✓zg /02 1,72 ,? /J n ,,,,, 11. /] IM tl IJ Cl IJ.tJ tJ.() {JO ,,J 0 0 "" (2/J ,,,,,, /J /J ,? 17 /) {){) {).(J tJ t) 0 atJ /J.{) /J,1 tJ tJ /J IJ. {) 17. {) 17.(J 3 1J J 1/j_t; /JI] lt.9 17 C1 Cl (2.P C!IJ /J/J ~ I 7 ~,;_7 1//..J ft)(). ,,t/l"lf'lt. Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful tl tl 17 (;).<l 11.0 L /J 1! I II. J. O.fJ ✓ / ff ?I.. .¢ fl /J /) ,? /1.0 o.tJ tl /J /J tJ.O C}.O /J tl /J tJ.o tUl I tJ I I/,/ 0,(1 tl tJ /J /J.O "'" _, tJ 1 111 ,:J.O tl tl /J (7.{) o.o /(J I II 911.9 ?.I ,4,,.,,_ rr Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Ooobtful /J ✓ d II.Cl l1S f f /4 ?.,II ;. t/ g ~ 12, 25-tJ 12:s- I tJ I .f.l t!l. tl tJ tl tJ t?.tl /) /1 /J 0 /) tl.tJ /J. IJ f!. tJ 2- &.3 t7.0 /J tJ ,,, ,,_ /] ,?./J 6 tJ I, !i'.'1 o.o / tJ I .5'/ t7.tl 21 // ??. /,!,.I, f/1.<i LJ1:e;:,~i,,,,, Number Per Calt Certain Doubtfu Tolll Certain Ooobtful ,(J ti /J /.1 /J /) /} / £ J' 5J.3 ltt.1 /J I? I? /J/J /J./J I? ,? /J /J./J /}I) ,? /J /J ~,., /]./] LJ /,J 0 /?./J /2.0 /) tl /J /J./7 /J /J tJ I} Cl CJ c) /J.17 cJ cJ /) /J_/7 C./J /? /J t) ~/'} /J. /J I 2, .$7 ff.f tt.J Tat~ o.o If. 2, 4~5 ().t) 0.0 o.o I/. I "·" ?1J 4'.0 /al Total 111.5 lf.1 .J1. 5 !.I 0.0 ,,,,, I, ...! (J.tJ 11.'1 ._?,/ 1/1/J. Total 1/J/J ltlP. e tJ /J ,., ,,, /'},,,, /J. /) /1,/) /J_/1 /J,,., ~/1 /tJP. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 176 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enluation II-Balloon 1-A.slralllllliCII 2•Airtrlfl Hiaht"""1oo. 4-Birds S.Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfD. 7-Psydlolo~cal 11-Unlcnown 9-0ther Total Evaluation II-Balloon I-Astronomical 1-Aircraft 3-Liaht Pl11nom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholoaical &-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2·Aircraft 3-Liat,t Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic. klfo. 7-Psycholopcal 11-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Certlin /} LI /) /7 I') /} I 0 ✓ /) 'l Certain I t. ,/ /) /J /J ¢' tJ ..! I IS Certain /) I //' /) i? tl ?. I /} tl 'l J,,,A_,,,U,/ re- Per Cent Doubttul Tola! Certain Doubttul Total /) 0 (J.0 ().0 ao / s ~0.0 /0.0 50.0 tJ 0 ().D ()_0 ao I) 0 tl.O tJ.0 f/.0 CJ 0 ().o 11.0 tJ,O ,1 0 0.0 e;.O ().0 /) I /0.0 o.o /0.0 0 0 OIJ 0.0 o.o tJ '-I ~.o eJ.O tf-o.o tJ 0 0.0 o.o ".O I /t} ',0.0 /0,0 /00. /44,/ Number Per Cent 0Ollbltul Total Certain Doubttul Total I 2 5-:.! ,:;_:t ~L tl < /IJ,,;- JJ.() /0.6 / s 211 ,:;,J 21,f I I /J,,, 5".J 5-1 I I tJ.o 5.J ,;,J tJ () JJ,/) /J,/J t'l. {) tJ '-I- ?I. I /) /') :21.1 I) 0 /) /J /}_/) ().p /? 3 1,;;i /I_ /J />,% ,1 I 51 /J.O 5.J ti- l'f ,ff q 2/./ I/a;>. S'el"r1:.w,:,e,e Number Percent 0Ollbltul Total Certain Doubttul Total ~ z ,:;J.O /J. .J /.1.J I 2 I, 7 l,,J /J,j ..! 7 ..?1, 7 ?/J.O 4L.7 tJ 0 t!O /J./J /}_/} tl 0 tJ. (} /J.JJ /J/J I I tJ.0 1..J I..} /J z /-1.1 (J(} l~J tl I bf ,?_/J t.. :I t? tJ at; ao ll,., tJ 0 at1 /? /1 /1/1 7 I~ 15"H ¢6.7 ,,,,.,_ FE,'?Pv,1uv , Number Pe,Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /7 /7 a o.o o.o ao / /7 I zs:o 0.0 es:o I t) I Z5.D o.o .zs:o /) /) 0 ao o.o ().0 /) 17 0 0.0 <J.o 0.0 t) lj 0 eJ.O ()_0 (JL) /7 /] 0 "-0 o.o (J.0 0 tJ a IJ.o 0.0 0.() L 0 z so.o o.o so.a tJ /) 0 (!).() O.() o.o 'I- 0 lf- /00,0 &.o /00, Jt,111/E Number Per Cent Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total / ,1 I -5:'/. /10 5:t I .? 1./- 5./, /1.,1 2?,J 5 £, 7 21i JI./ Hf tl /? () ac:J (),,:;J O.tJ tl ,? 0 /J,JJ /J,/} /ltJ tJ 17 0 /}v /)/) /]/) 3 t7 3 IP /7/) //,,1 0 I) tJ JJ,1, IJ, tJ "/') ..? /7 j' IL. 1 JJ. /) 16.7 /J /J 0 JJ.tl /J,tl JJ. /? 13 .s- IE '12.t. .21.i' I/JO. /J,-4,e-,e Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0oobttul Total / /7 / '7./ /1/1 7:/ L / 71~9 ?.I ~t)/) / 2, ? ,f,/ 1;/.? [/,/ JJ /} cJ tJ.t? tl_/} Oo JJ /J 0 /Jo /J/J /JO tl I / JJ.tl 1.1 ?' I I tl I If,/ JJ. /J ~/ t) tJ 0 f1/J A/J JJ.0 / C) I 'I.I 17/} 1,/ JJ Cl 0 11.0 t/0 /JtJ /0 I/- ltf l?'/.4" lt.b I/a<>. 167 MA,, ,, ,4/',Vt. Nu- Percent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubttul Tot~ /} / I ,,,, L.1 L.l /} 0 0 lf).t) A/J /J.tl I') / I /J/J /4.S 1..:1 7 I 3 .!J.1 ~, ,'fl.I I /) I L.? A/J t..S ? ~- s ///_j f.s n.s /) /J t:J /'J/J ,1_/J /J. CJ / /J I Q,Jl /J/1 dR IJ /) 0 ,1./J 4,1 /)/) / /7 I q,f /J/J ,/f /} /) 0 /J/) /)_/) t).n /) t1 tJ J?./J -? /) 17. t) /7 /) t:) (},tJ tJ. tJ /J,, /J /) 0 IJ./} /J, (/ /211 0 tJ 0 /J.IJ I?. tJ /J_/J tJ d 0 17. /J /J,IJ 17.tJ .f tJ 3 11.(1 /J.tl ~:/ s- /J s 23-i tJ.o ,!_/.i I 9 /0 It. ../ §t.l l,H.5 I /J I i/t' t?.v //,g 5" I/ Ii.. J/J ~11 IOI· IK .3' ZI i'~-1 lh /(Ip, .,J ✓ ,,, i/ -4v,:;v.rr Nullmer PerCent Number Per Cent ~ertain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttu Total Certain Doubttul Total d .5 9 ,hi 55 ~? ,1 I I O.fJ i(.5 .?S /.! ..f /6 l1v':t '1.J /'1/, L J IZ /(i.tJ /S.0 .?o.o IR /,f .?6 tfi Nf: ?it, I. ✓ 10 /.5,0 /0.0 ZS.£ ,1 t? 0 ,1,/} at /J.£) /} / I 0.0 aa o.O /} /J C) ;J./J ;1,0 ;1,JJ /} tl C) t).o 0.0 o.o JJ /J CJ 12{) /2(} 1)./J /J 0 0 0.1) {).() o.o ;, JJ 3 j'.J atJ ?.J t. /) 2 7.5 t>.0 7-f ,(/ _j' 7 ,/.¢ ?.3 17 JJ tJ CJ 0.0 (J_t) t).() /~ tJ /9' .1tl.9 at? 1'J.i 1¢' tJ /i/, 3S:tJ f).O 3S:O / JJ I I. I ,, /J 1./ /) tl 0 o.o O.o <J.O <,2 Z9' '11 ,r,r. 2. .?/.i /tl/J. ?'ii! 12 {L/, res ;n.s /00, ,l/t7f/, ,M~e,e .t:'trt!e'M~,'!',e Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Ooubttul Tola! Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttu Total Certain Doubttul Total /} ~ {) a.o o.o ().0 /) t, z tM /5.E/ 1/5. ✓ # 0 z so.t; 0.() ~o.o .1 t) .5' !.JI /J/) ?JI ~ 17 .2 Sob tJ.O .;11.c I 4" ~ '7.7 .J'p_g J'$.5 /J I? 0 o.o a.o p.O /) /7 0 ,.,,, JJ. /) /J. 1? JJ 17 C) 0.() 0.0 O,t> JJ /J cJ /Jn n/'J I? /1 ~ tl 0 o.o 0.0 c).O 0 /7 0 /J/J {),t) /1 /J /J /J 0 0,t) £).0 o.o JJ Cl C) /J.(J ~/7 /? /J /J 0 0 ().O .0.D (J. eJ /J tJ 0 /?.c:J tJtJ tJ.tJ tJ ~ 0 o.o 0,0 0. 0 £ 0 :e 15.¢ /1/J l/£:3/'° /J /) 0 0.0 e;, 0 d.O I /) I 17 (J.tl '11 </- 0 <£ ltJb.lJ 1),0 100. 7 6 13 5".19 47.. I /a,


=== Page 177 ===

Evaluation 0-S,lloon 1-Ashonomical 2-Aircratt HigbtPh-. 4-Birds 6--lnsuffir. Info. 7-PsydDlo&ical 8-Unknown !l-0111.. Tot~ MLJr,1 JOA,:. I Number PerC01t Number PerCml Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon /J /J /J /J.O /J.O /J.17 /J /J /J 120 17. t? 0./J I-Astronomical j I .q fJ] Ill 14"1/41 t? /J tJ au J?.0 t20 2-Airaaft 2.. 17 ? l-1n 0.0 ,,,,,, ? 2. .;- ff.< n2 1,.,.5 3-Litht Phffltlm. /J 0 IJ Cl.I', IJ.0 IJ.O ,,J 17 tJ 110 tJ. /} i /,? I? 4-Birds IJ /} /J t?.u '< /} /)_ tJ ,:? 0 /J 12/J 0. 0 I /J/1 ~Cloud~ Dus~ et~ /} /J 0 11.l'J /J.6 ,..,,.., /) ,? 0 /)/') /J/) 0,/'} 6--lnsutfic.tnfo. /J /J /J ~/) (/./J /} /) I 0 I ,/. I /'J.I} /// 7-Psychological 0 0 0 tJ./5 Ot? nl'J /J /J /) /20 ao ao 8-Unlulown J 0 ..1 fJ'.J a o :1f.1 ~ /J 2. 1.2.Z no 12.2. 9-0tfler /J /J /J /) /'I /)() tJ. t? /) / I /}/? I/. I ff.I ' Tot~ $ I fj rf<19 //./ /al 6 .J' 9 /_f'f J'J.J /!JO S°,:'.,;> ''&,,_.,,,,e ?It!~, •,IC,? ! Number Per Cent Number PerCa,t Evaluation Certain Ooubl1ul Total Certain Ooubtful Total Certain llomtful Tntal Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon tJ I I tit:l -7.7 '?.7 / I} I J/J./, 11.17 //1, /) I-Astronomical 2. I J' K.t/ '1:7 2.1.I :J7. /,J 1, 21).{l ,,_ /} l~o 2-Aircraft ? I J 21.I '7.7 .JtJ.f ? 0 ?_ ..,,,_/ 17.,? 4✓ 1_A 3-Liat,t PhOIOftl. /,J /J /,J 120 /}_ t? I,?, I'.? /? /) /J tJ.O /J./} /J.17 4-Birds I/ / / /)(7 '1: 7 '/.'1 tJ 0 /J IJ.tJ 0. /} /J.17 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. /J /J ,? f//J /J.,? /J.O 0 /) /? /J,/1 ,,, /J I} tJ 6--lnsutfic. ~fo. / cJ I 't 1 /J. t7 71 0 0 I} IJ.tJ ao. 11. () 7-Psycholoejcal /} /) tJ /J.cJ /J./} n/J /) tJ 0 tJ.,? /J tJ /),., 8-Unknown J' 0 .? JJ I eJ,tJ 2J. I 5 0 5' 6'/J.I) /J.0 51).I) 9-0tfler CJ 0 cJ JJ.tJ atJ 0. tJ 0 6 /J tl.Ci tJ./1 o.o Tot~ j ,I /.f IU2 Jof /OtJ. JO /,) /0 /{J(J.I) ll.v /tJO. 168 J//t.f/ Nuntier Per COit ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtlul Total ~ .& '/ //)/) ,t/.o /L{/1 ~ /J z I!/) /) /} ,/,, 1✓ /2, ?/. ?ft) 1Q.tJ ,;,?.p 0 / I /}/} 2.tJ ?.o I I/ I 2.ll JJ./J 4 /} /J /} t? /7.tJ IJ.,? IJ.O ..! /) j t.o IJ./J h. /J /J (? 0 tl./J O.tJ JJ.O /t:l t:l /£) 2/J.o tJ.O IM.o /J /} /) A,11 /J,/J tJ.o .?5 15 5ti 'l/10 J'tJ.tJ lt117. A,,.,, ·- Nuntier PerC..t Certain Ooubtful Total Certain Ooubtful Total /J / I 17./J -?/J./1 .;10,~ /) ~ 2. ll.O @,/! U/J t) I ,? I "''<tl /J.11 ,,,, ,, ,:J /? /) 11.0 11.-() 0./J /J tJ t:l /J Jl /? /J 6/4 I} ,? /) /J,J (J_ tJ /J.,? / 0 I PO.o tJ.tJ ?/7.t) /J /) /J /J.,? JJ.tJ ,,_,, /J t? /} /1 tJ /) /J 17.IJ 0 t? t:l /).() Cl.tl (1.0 z .:J 5 l~t? ,o.tJ /a-J. Ll,M. ,rr Number PerC..t Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful / // ,;- 11,I. It'!> f .f t. '/.? 19 j ? ,;- 19 ~:1 /J I I J?.I? 2.t. 17 0 /J /JI} ,1/J ,? /J /J rJ.tJ ,1 ,1 !, 0 5 /ti, 11./J ~ ,? z 5.5 Otl /,/ L7 14' %$ &.tJ /J /? /') ~/} av ~i /tJ 3fl 11.1 2?.J £7&~ s,._,.4,!i,t Number PerC811 Certain Ooubtfu Total Cerlllin Doubtful I :t, J' ,<f /,7_!, 2_ .:1 5, /tJ.1;, 1.:-i ~ ~ 'f ~-' //}~ /J t? ;:J /).,? /) /) /J J? /} /} /) /)/) /J t:J cJ /J./,J /} /) /J t? /J t'J.tJ I}/} /J tJ t? /}_/} t?.O 2-. 0 :Z, ill.~ 17.0 2... ,? ,?. ,/J,> /Jtl /.t '7 JQ l.f,1, !U T~ /J./ IG.~ /.f 2 .t.t /},? /')/') l.lt J;j :1'-8 tJ. tJ /()(). Tot~ /!i. f 2/..J ff,.f IJ.0 /J./J /1/J 17. tJ /J./J itJ.5' ,,,, /IJ(). I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 178 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enlmlion II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircrlft 3-lifll Ptienom. 4•Birds Hlouds,Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic. ~fo. 7-Psydlological I-Unknown s.0111.. Total Evaluation II-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircrafl 3-Liaflt Ptunom. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ elL 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psychololical 8-Unknown 9-0lller Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LighlPh""". 4-Birds ~s.Oust.elc. 6-Jnsuffit.lnfo. 7-Psydlological 8-Unkno'"' 9-0ther Toll! 1j9,UE &t24' EYALVAU/2,11 t2E AU S?GltOAIG S: EtU' /1LL </&,rs If</ t2/U/tn<2N ,ZE S/GHT/A/G Fl?S' - - /JC Ve.A~ s1,rrv ~A,,t: s1:e,;,, it>< -,--,;, ~"'E ..,,,A111r1:s J,, '' 4 /tV ;;'1:4~~,,,,,, M,,u LJ,;en. bber Per Cent NIDllber Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tollll Certain Doobtful Tollll ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtlul Total Certain Doubtful Total / I 2 '71 7. 7 I/!,,(/ / tl I 1/.L tJ.o 4..t .I'. t1 £ II.I d.d II. I ,? /.l 2 !f.f tJ.O 51 s t7 .J' 2J. I o.O 2.l. I t1 ~ ~ 0.0 f. ~ t.J /) 0 /1 d." CUJ ,:J.t) / I !2. ~9 29 5.f 2 I .J' /5.# 11 ''· J .2. t) ? )'.3 ().0 fi'..J ,f £ ,/l l.v# //./ =,5 2 2 //) 11.5 t,.9 zf.u /.l 0 /) tJ.0 d. 0 O.t 0 t) /7 0.0 0.0 ,,_,, ,t) L) t7 0.{) o.o tJ.o IY £) /) o.c; o.cJ "·" .? /7 /) tJ.0 CU) t).t /.l a 4 d.O o.o ()., C1 () /) o.o O.tJ o.o / a I £.9 d.0 £.Y tl 0 0 0.0 0.0 t).O t!l 0 C1 (J.O o.o t).o tJ I I 0.0 S:I,, 5,, 0 t7 /) o.o O.t:> O.tJ I 0 I 11 o.D 1.7 IL t) /fl. $'().I} (),t) 5'()./l /7 /) /) 0.0 "·" ,u t, /) 5' /t/.7 tJ,0 J//.7 t:? ,'7 0 0.0 /),0 I).{) t) 0 0 0.() fl.O tJ,0 L) {') 0 ao t::J.O I?." I t? I 2.9 d,O :1.9 .S' /) ..l 211 t,.O 21 I .v L7 4' lf..7 0.0 //,1 2 (J :t. II. I O,i) II I 1.2 ,:;; /£. l.;,,;;.1 t). t) 12'..j' I t7 I 17 t).c) 1.7 .1 0 g 12.51 tJ.O l.t.5 /) .5' '3 0,0 If.. 7 /t..1 / /.l I .!. 9 o.o .2-9 II 2, l.s lfo:'t. 15".I/' Jal z.z z 2, (/ 9!.'71 ff..! la?. /P. {, IR /,,(,,7 Jj.j' /(JO. 3/ s J';/ 9/.t. ff.i /(JO. ;o?.4,1 loNE Jv,:<./ LJ,,,u,,r Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nulll>er Per Cent Number PerC811 Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtfu Total Certain Dcllbtful Total f :Z JI 1'1! s. ✓ 29.7 ,I, I '7 If.! ?. 2, 12.5 £.2, 14 ,7/,, /.!.!i ~I, t.t.J /(J 1.2' ,2'2. I.!.~ Jf..2.- 19.7 tJ '2. z d.0 ,;:J/ ,;:;.1 / z, ..! t7 ~5 f/.1 I .J' .p /JI. J.$ /J ,I I I 2. ;.d /. // f.i I/ 6 /(J /tJ.8 IL.2. 21& 5' ✓ 9 ,,. I J.2. 9 ?f.tl .ft) 1£ qi,, If.I/ ft t.'i.1. /2, ~ /L 11..2 SJ/ t/1,, 17 (/ cJ O.o 0.0 ao /J t1 ,? "·o o.a o.o ~ / 7 ..11 t1., 43 /J J' .t t}.O I/I d.l t7 p CJ d. 0 o.o t).0 v 0 ,? tJ,O o.o o.o /) ,7 (? 0,0 ao ao /.l cJ /J 0.0 o.d 0.0 /,, ,,, /; ().0 o.o o.O (J /J ,,, d.0 o.o o.o / 0 I ,?.I, d.o /J.{, /J ,J ,,, o.o o.o 0,0 ;/ cJ 41 1/tJ.f tJ,0 /{).i t1 /) ,? a.o o.o tJ,O /if /J 1✓ g/. tJ.o 11.t ..! /.l s 41 o.o di ,? p t7 o.o o.o t).0 0 I) tJ tl.O o.o 0.0 .2 ..? !, ;.Z J.f tn ~ / ..I 9,1 u/ ill 1 Cl 1 !l.9 0.0 1£ 9 R t? !1 15-$ o.o ~-i 1/L 0 ✓ t tf.t. o.o 11ft. £.f 17 2.1 J'/.1 o.o JI./ .J' (J s f( I o.u n 4 0 1,1 112.9 o.o /J.9 ..,., /) d ?.4' o.o ?.I/ £. t1 2. 2.1 d.O 2.1 21 /tJ ..!7 1'1.to 21/J /(J(), 1✓ 1 ?I IM.1/ n., la?· IZ/,, f7 //. s 11'1.J 12.1 /()p. !i's ft I 1 Q 11-il 1~# lt?r? ' $";<",PrE,udcd ;?,._71 •A&I /llt'U-" AAA,:,e LJet!EMAEL Number Percent Number Per Cm! Nulll>er Per Cent Number PerC811 Certain OOtJbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tollll Certain Doubtrul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certan Ooubtfu Total certain Doobtful Total .f I. 9 I,.!; I.!. I) /f.t;' ~ b 1 1.,1 ?I),{) 11,,1 -!?. /) ~ tl.J 0-0 /j'..J .., / t £1-1 ✓ ..1 -?L,{J I / ~ 2.2. 2.z ,/;.1 17 ft £ o.o 1,.1 1..7 / / ~ £.1 1,,./ 11,,I ~- I f f.1 //,.J IJ.o ?, /6 If t/.J ?tl.i .19.I ., !> K IP. tJ /f.,;f 2',.1 /J /J t1 O.lJ o.o 0,(1 / 5, f. ,j.J .2/. 7 1L,tJ t7 0 t1 o.o o.o 0() /J 17 /J (I./) "·" 0,0 / /J I ~-1 t).O t...l /.l /) 0 0.0 .tJ,0 O.Cl /J (J /J o.o O.t!J 111.0 A /) /J ao o.o 0.0 ,,, /J t) J.CJ ao o.o /.l /J /J o.o CJ.O o.o ,'J t) LJ tJ.& 0.0 (). () /J /J p t).0 o.o o.c /) I. I, d.D @.LJ ,(ltJ./) /.l /J /J ().0 o.o (J.O I £J / 1.2 d.d 1.2 ?.. t7 ?, £..1 o.o f.. 7 LJ ,? (J ao t),C) ().~ .2. 0 2 i'.1 fd.O 1'.1 t7 t7 t7 0.0 0.0 o.o t7 0 tJ "·" d,O o.o /J /J 0 o.o t),0 0-~ /J t? tJ 0.0 o.o o.o /J t1 IL .ff.% O.(J ft/.8 q t) 9 J'l).t) (). 0 JtJ-0 ✓ /J ./ ?!..J ().0 21..7 ~ /J 6 11..I o.o ~-I /J (J /) l'J.0 /).0 "'-" / /J I j.J (J.0 J..J p /.l /J o.o ().0 O.Q /) /J ,,, ao lJ. () 0.0 2 .J 2.J t/~ 5{).{J d>.tJ /pt}. 17 1.1 .!tJ !i/,.1 ✓ u Im•. x 1 IG' l,:;tJ 4l:t IM. II. '? 2.J J.f.6 ft).,/' /tV, 169


=== Page 179 ===

Evlluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomic.al 2-Aircraft 3-LiptPhenom. 4-Birds 6-lnsuffit.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo~cal &-Unknown !1-0l!IOf Total 11,u, Jt,,.t, Number Per Cent Number PerCml Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-B~loon f £, II 2/..6 -S:9 .12~ /,J ? It J'tJ.2 1tJ :Jt:l I-Astronomical .J' / ~ %.U ~9 11.1 ~ L7 Z ✓ .1 /J, tJ 1/.1 2·Aircraft s 2.. 111.-'.J ,,-,9 ?11.t ~ ;, ~ 11, 'f I? /~(, 3·Light Phenom. .? tJ ? Ii 0.0 u / L7 I fl..? /JJJ j.3 4-Birds 17. /) 0 tJ.O tJ. 0 17.0 17. 0 /') tJ.O /J, (} 11. /) S-Clouds. Oust. etc. / /7 I ?9 /J.n ?.9 /J /1 0 tJ.0 tl, t? tl.tJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .? n 3 :U tJ. C) ff .J' tJ J' 1.IJ /J,(J ,, ,J 7-Psycholo1ital L7 t? 0 17./J 120 n o ,;I /) 4 9.3 /1/J f..J &-Unknown ,t, 0 t. 59 C!t? 5.f 9 0 f fLJ. 9 tJ. (? 2tJf 9-0ther I £. '< 2. ~ 59 ( fl n /J t? t!IJ ~,, /l/1 Total flt '1 ..1✓ 'If. ✓ ~~ M/J. ..l? ~ //.J NI I.VI /(JIJ. S-c/?reM~li',e /?A-~"~ Numbef Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ~Balloon .J' :2, s- I/J.11 t.1 II.. 7 z ~ i 9./ 1ft .Jt,J I-Astronomical 17. 2, Z I/JO L.7 I .. ? I 2, :J 1/.5 9.1 15./, 2-Aircraft I ~ 9 .?...5' ?1..1 :?n,(J / :2, .? ,I;; 9/ ;3.t. 3-LichtPht:mm. I I ?. ~3 .J'..1 LI. / z .J' 1/.5 ?.I /,1.(, 4-Birds ,? /} t? /)/} 12 /J /J t? /J / / /JIJ 4.5 J/.,; 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. tJ /J (? /} (J /J() ,,,.,, /) (l 0 ,J 0 /1 n 1 ✓1. ,., 6-lnsuffic. Info. .f 0 .f 1/J.tJ /)/} IIJ,C) / 0 I d, /J,t') 1/.5 7•Psyclloto~cal (l CJ t) t?,/J /) /) n O ,? /) n ,, I'. ,? /) n/J 8-UnknoMI 7 (l '/ 2JJ CW '7(3 .3 ,, .? /~(, 11.11 /?.(, 9-0ther / / z .J.3 .f..1 t..l, L7 t? 0 /JtJ IJ.IJ 11. I} Tot~ /6 //I .?O 5J'.J 41..1 I/PP. 9 /..? t2 W,:?.9 5f.l ltia 170 Jt/L / Hunter Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 2,/,I /v .11 19.t. 11.6 .JI.I ~ ✓ // !i.1 1~ 9.c /L % 2d /.l.l /,I. lf,1 J' ~ 5" ?.5 1, t/./ 17. ,·O /J 0./) /J/. /')_ /) ,,; /) /) 4,7 ,? ,, /J.O /t Cl //,. /l.l at? 1.1.I ·/ 17. / /J t /10 v.it .2'.t L7 ?? lf:/J tJ./J 1$.tl fl / .s 3.:1 (J.$ ;/I 93 :l.~ !/2 '7 1'1t . .1 ll.1 /ti:?, A/"'PtffM#&-1 Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ ,, 9 L.J 119 n.2 .J' J t pg 94 lfi ,? J? y /JtJ 2S.iJ 25.C / / t J'./ 1/ 1..1. /} . /) tJ /J/) ,1. /) tJ.u /J .,,, (? /)/} /J. /J 11 L7 / ,? I f. I /J.tJ J. I L7 ,? 0 /111 /1 /'. /J,::J ~ /J /,, d.1 ~,, 111 L7 t:? 0 /)IJ t2 tJ t2tJ /3 ;9 5'2 41#.t 5?. ¢' /(}(l. Number Certain Doubtfu /'/ /.J' x' 2, t /7 u t? ,? t? 0 / ~ L7 .2. /) /.2. L7 4 / 1,9 .5'4 Number Certain Doubtfu £, / ,, / / ,{! / /) t7 t:P /J L7 2 (l / /) i' /) / LJ 21 ~ ,;:J,/Gtl ✓ ,r Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful """ 11.f Flt! //] ff.(, ?.'2 2J' 1..4 1'-.f ,/ d.1 /{ /') IJ /7,I) 12,? I 17/J I./ I,, t.1/ /J/J t 12 0.CJ 12 If. 9 tJ.IJ ,, ,Jg I,/ 9 _; l!.M .;t.L .t:1cel!?AAd,;,(' PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful j 8.0 ¥,ll /,, Z4,tJ 'I,(? .J' 'l,o F.O I *" 0.0 /J {).0 o.o /) p,IJ 0.0 2 "·" o.o I 'l,t) 0.0 i 3:C.0 o.o I 'l:o 0.0 2'~ :J½o ;~.o Total .:??.7 /Ci N.1 ,/,,! /JO I./ 1,,,,/ 2.2, 11. 9 5.1/ ✓A/J, Total IZC. Z'41 /2,C. C/,o t).O a., ',t.0 'fO 3~-" 'f.O /00. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 180 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enlaation JI.Balloon l•Astrol'IOlllical 2-Aircraft 3-Liahl Phtoom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffi~ ~-.. 7-Psydmlo~CII ·- 9-0tlle< T~ I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Asbunollical 2-Airaaft 3-Li;,tl'II..... 4-Binls S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lrtSUffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlologial &-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation JI.Balloon I-Astronomical ?•Aircraft 3-Light Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.Jnfo. 7-Psydloloeical &-Unkno• 9-0ther Total Certain I I /J /1 tJ ,:l t7 0 z 5" '1 Certain I} I? /J /J /J ,I; /J tJ tJ I 7 Certain /) J :z /? I 0 -? / /<,/ I ,etL Ell/lt.l/A-r«;,,11 t:JF ALL S/GIIVM~.:;~~-~t5~"t2~~~d~L-L~~ff.="-=;e='5~#~¥~(1,~~=!l'l=:£~Ti=;,,-,e=w~~??.=~~s;=2,="~tt~r~✓ -=W=~ FtAe MPA/T,1/5" OF /1'£,AIB tJP'E,e 7M'/.eTv M/A/t/T"G.S JJ'A, ,a,Rl/ h-. , U,;,et'/1 ,:J,;,,t',/ ,.,_ Per Cent Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ::ertan Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain D"'bllul Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ 0 I ltJ,0 0.0 /0.0 I /J I So-0 P.O SP,O 1' /J 7 3'il.'l tJ.0 ~9 f 0 '3 If.? ().0 Ill, 1 I <. I(),/) /<>.O 2<,.C / 0 I IS<>O o.o _,;o.o / t7 I .S:(, ao S.lo 2 0 ;2 112.5 o.o /2.5 /) t) P.0 D.0 0.0 /J ,,, 0 o.o o.o ao ;? /J (} o.o 0.0 P.0 0 ~ ,z o.tJ 11.5 12,5 /) 0 l?.O 0-0 AO /J tJ 0 ().0 0,0 0,0 tJ 0 0 0.0 o.o i?.0 0 0 tJ tl.0 d.O ().O 0 0 ().fJ d.O 0.0 /J ;? 0 0.0 o.o (),D tJ /1 0 0,0 0.0 ,::,_o CJ /) 0 ao o.o t}.0 /) 0 0.0 a o ao ;? 0 0 tJ.O t!).0 o.o t7 0 " ao 0.0 o.o t7 I') 0 ().() (J.t} 0.0 /J t!) o.o o.o o.o ;? ,,, 0 00 0.0 o.o ,? /'} 0 P.O (7,0 (7,0 // 0 St 2_,:;,IJ r:i.o ~5,() /1 0 ao 60 0.0 /J /J 0 (7.C, t!).0 P,0 /) /) 0 ao 0.0 o.c 0 c? CJ o.o o.o tl.O /J ~ zo.0 o.o zo.o /J 0 0 o.o o,0 o.o IP 0 ID .rr., O.tJ rr., ~ 0 s g;.Jf 0.0 5/.S /1 ... 5tU> 4.0 $0.0 0 /J 0 d.0 ().C) ao 0 /) /) d.O o.o (J.0 ,,, 0 0 o.o o.o t?.O I IO 9'0.0 IP.O ;M, ~ 0 "2... /l)IJ-" o,o /d0, /~ 0 /Ir Id/).~ o.o /IJO, I~ 2. N, ff'/., /2.!5' '/l)t)_ M,u/ /,, •,: /,,,._ £/ ,:J,,✓ - ,T Number Percent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /,) 0 /J.0 o.o tUl I/ £, 'I 1ft u ne; N' '7' ii?/ ;,jg 'I: I 2/JI ,{, 3' 9 JI./ 5:/, It.,'/ I I o.o II. I II. I ~ /J s -?/J_f 0.0 ~-i /.2,. ,, 17 11.t.2 5-/ 1'1.J ¥ 7' IS 1dfl 12. 9 .,,, 7 /} 0 o.o l!J.() o.o ? /J -z... 'U o.o H h 11 l'f- ~./ f'7 1,/_$ J' .J' C. 5".1, ,;-_t, I/. 2, /'J 0 tJ.0 o.o 0-0 17 IJ 0 0.0 a.o 0.0 I /'J I /.tJ /).(') ltJ /} I I {J.O JI/ I. 9 /J 0 0-0 0-0 o.o n 11 0 (I.() o.o t>.O /} /) 0 o.o ().() 0.0 tJ 0 0 ().() (I.O 0.0 /'} I, 1,/,.7 C).0 Ll,1 /'J 0 0 (U) o.o 0.0 /} /} 0 0.0 o.o 0.0 /} /) ,,, (1.c! o.o o.o /) 0 tJ.0 /).0 0.0 /) J? 0 /1.0 o.o o.o f /J fl ff.2_ o.o ff, 2. /J z .!.1 o.o .J'.1 /,) 0 (J.0 O.C) O.o 0 /? 0 0.(') o.o ().0 I I z /,0 /,() 'l.tJ 2. 0 2 5-1 0.0 -r. 7 tJ 0 0.1:J o.o o.o ,,. /) 7 '29.2. o.o 1f.Z J'/ /J sf !!I.I, o. o .JI/, /,, 0 IS 2tf O.e'.) nr I 2 I/. I I/. I ?1-2 I /) I 4',t, o.O 4.2 d n SL 14' / 0.0 ti. I /) d 4- o.o ,v/ 1. ,/ 2 7 11 f ~-t, ,t:l)_ Z.2.. 2. 2.'I- lfl.1 fr..1 110a 'T7 2./ ?8 7LI, .21.<I /C/?. ."?(;, If< 5tf lt,t.-, ..?.J'.J //JP. S'Et?r~- £e-e /) A-A , /Jr,1e, ,A~4 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nudler Per Cent Number PerC«lt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 2.. z o.o L? L.J '7' 7 /() 11..~ 15-i !i:li. /J I I (),0 d2.. 14.'t ~ t7 CJ ciO /J,O ('),O I ~ Y. '1 ;>_/ /2.5 / /} / 53 a.o !,. 3 .J' :Z. s 12., ½'.3 1P.$ I / 2. II. I II. J 12.2. .t,I /, t, .! /Y.e; ,,;-_[ /} I I (!)_{) 5 . .J §..7 I 5" C. ,12, M.f 2!itJ /) I? 0 o.o at:1 CJ. G / I t:/.CJ .f. I .ti ,? ;? C) "-0 ~-0 ao /7 /'J 0 0.0 ao t:I.O I? /) 0 19.0 o.o O.G /J I J'. I 0.lf} g_ I .2, /J 2. /0.5 OLJ ;P.s /7 ,? t) (JO (J.(J o.o ,? 0 t!) o.o tJ.t:J 0-0 L) /') /).() 0-0 o.o ,? /7 0 d-0 0-0 /).0 /J I I ao 1/.2 eft, ;? Cl 0 ao C). I!) o.o /1 2 t,.3 d,0 ;,..! 0 /J 0 tJ.O o.o o.o -? /? 2 n t).o ff..J /) /'J 0 ao 0.0 ao /J I 3. I t:/.0 11 ,? CJ 0 0.0 o.t> o.o / /J I //.2, tl-0 ,/.2, :< /} 2 22.2. C).O 22.2, CJ N ldn t:U) 1/.f.7 t/ tJ ~ 21./ ao 21.I 7 /J 7 2~$ (J,t} 2f.2 4/ & I./ t/tl.tl o.o 1/1/.I/ I? I J' I O.() .1. I /) / I ao 5,$ 1,.i / /J I ,/.2, (J.0 ,/i / t? I 1/. I tJ.0 II.I x' 32 1,-0 25-P 1tl(/- Jtl- _.c, /Cr '15.'J f/,.3 /(1(), ;_,.- 'l 2'1- ,1,,f,5 g:J5 Ith. 8' I 9 f?H JI.I //1/) 171


=== Page 181 ===

Evaluation 0-Ballaoo 1-AslRmOmical 2-Aircraft Hight Phenom. 6-lnsaffi~ ~lo. 7-Psyd,Jlo&ical 8-- Total 14,u/ /,,_ 'E I Number Pl!fCent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Balloon 4 Cl ~ 1/J t?. n R.o ~ ,? 7 /2.5 tJ.tJ I-Astronomical ,1 2- IS' 72.tJ QIJ 1iO ,f j /(J 17.'> ,,. t/ 2-Airmlt ? ¢ 7 I../} 11./J /;/CJ d I S" 1. I /.f 3-Lightf'll...... /} / I /1_/1 f?./J ~o IJ t.? n ,u, /}./) 4-Birds IJ / I t7. (} t.(} ttl /7 /J ,() /1,IJ /J. /) 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ Cl 0 t.? tJ.tJ t).(J tJ.t) (l L) 0 {J.tJ {). t) 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 4 0 t;;; 12.tJ 17.0 11~.0 /../ L) 13 H.2 /J.O 7-PsycoologicaJ 0 L) 0 ao 11/J nn :l (J z :u, IJ./1 8-Unkno• l'f ,,., /7 J'/.1.(J n/J ?,fo /Y .,, 17 .JtJ.1 tJ.tJ !I-Olller t7 / I /J.tJ :t. tJ 2.0 2- IJ iZ :t. I. tJ.O Totll a1 9 so g'j_l, /f{.0 /PO. s-z ~ S-6 92.9 ,t,/ SE,-,,r,1: M 4' ,<c£ C},:!.r, -'-""-' Number Percent _, Per Cent Evaluation Cerliin Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certin Dwblful 0-Balloon /] 0 0 /J.~ /1 ,,._ ,.,_{) .? .t/ 7 ~-5 Y,7 l•Astrono111ical //) 'f /.? 2.1.2 7.0 :JtltJ J' -? /(J ,:,_,:; /!,. 2, 2·Airc,aft I I 2 R. .! 2.3 t/. I, .J' ✓ 7 £.5 ;.7 3-LilhtPtlemm. /] n 0 /J,1 n /J /J.n /] I I 11.tJ ,1.2, 4-Birds 0 0 t? IJ.t) n.o no z /} ,2 ,/! /}, (} 5-Clouds. Dust. etc. /] IJ 0 /]_/) IJ. /, n ,._ 0 /J 0 ,,. /) 0,/J 6-lnsuffic.klfo. 9 0 '? ttJ.f t).(J 2/1.P 7 /} 7 1st 0.0 7-Psycoological I 0 I ?. ~ /J,O l?.S / /J I 2.2- ,l./1 8-Unlmo• // t? II ?1;.(, 11 tJ 2~/, r; /J 'J 1/J. (J /J_/J 9-0lller (, I 7 1,/,(J 2-3 /{,.! z. 0 z t/.S /') /) Total .?!< s Ifs ii.I/ //,{, /IJO. .?tJ 1'- ~ 1,5:2 ..1-/.i 172 J,,,t./ Nunter Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful IM 29 // ¢0 I/JI .//! 17. 9 29 //1 39 //.ii .3, 9 i 9 ?? /9 SI 11.t.,; -f.Q /I (J f /} 3 J.2, /J.0 o.o .z I 3 n.i 17.../ /1{) ! /J 3 /.2, /J.(J 11.1. (// /7 'fl :It. I I)_/) 7/ / :l 3 17.tl IJ.i ://l.J' 4"% L) <,C-8 1K.6 (). tJ ~L 2/,/' IJ ;z'I- 9.~ /) /) /tl'J. 212 'f3 2Sf ~(/ l~.9 JI/&. ✓,:; ,u ,,&., NuntJer Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 15.t I r; /0 ?.I IC.7 2./,J r; ~ /!, l'-1 /.f,5 tff.1, <" 2, 7 /(J.4 ,ft '1,2, /} /) 0 IJ /) /J/J -0 Cl t7 0 /1/J /.J./J I?/] /) I / /1/1 2,/ /<;_t 4 0 ~ £.5 /J_/1 2-2 /] IJ {7 /},/) 17,/J 'U).i? y 0 '? 11.1 /J, (J ,/.( ?. /) z ld..t 17 0 1170- 30 ;g ¥-~ ~2-~ .!1.5" Total Certin 15-7 5 /5:! 9 /9. 9 /I /. 1, 2 1.Z t.? IJ.2 /? ti../ /9 /.2, I lf.i :tf q_q 2- I/JP, 78 Total Certain 1./J.I I .J/.t t /Q,(, d /) /) /J /) /] /7 1,/ 0 f?_f " /J.n / 11.1 /.l, ¢:t Q /tlQ· :n ,:;1,,,, , f Nullber Per Celt [loubtfu Total Certain Doubtful 41 "l ✓ .S .2.K J< /7 (/, ,f,? /.f z~ //)./, 12.5 IJ z 1-9 /Jn /J ,::i /J.IJ n,n /) 0 IJ.11 IJ.IJ IJ /9" /fl :I tJ.o IJ / 1,/J 17.0 c? 29' 27.9 /7. (? / 3 I. 9 /. 17 z~ /0'1- 75-1', 26.fl /./$I! GM# c"..t' Number PerCmt lloubtfu Total Cerlllin lllllblful I z ~?, 2.2, // /7 /J.(J tU.9 / .r x'.1 ?,2 c? 0 /J_/) t}. 0 IJ 0 ,r) /) /}/} /} 0 /J 11 /.J, tJ IJ {) //1_,; /11' /} I '2-2. /J. tJ /} 12 ~/,_/ /J,IJ /7 ¥'. S/.1 /).0 /3 'I" 1/.I :d..t Total 9./, //, 'f tJ'.I ,.9 0. /1 /J,/J If!. :I /.(J n, ?.9 /tlO• Total ef.q .lt..9 /().? tJ.o 0/J IJ.0 1/(7. 9 1 . .z '2t.1 fl. 'J ltlO· I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 182 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i 771,fLE 1/1112 £ JIiiL VllO(JAi t?,c Ft7,( MtllVTHS J;,.,ul)/.211 rc4Rv,,,,,, ftlmbef Per Cent Number Per Cent EVlluatioo Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Ballooo /} /) 0 t?/J /JJ, /J,t) /J /J 0 o.o ao 0.0 l•Aslronomical ~ 9 JZ ~t?.t) lf,/),/J fl/11' 1 L P 30.0 {11.0 'Jl).t 2-Aucraft /) /J 0 /J_ /J /J 1-J /J,/J /J /J tJ ~-0 /7.0 tJ.O ~LightPtlenom. /) /) 0 ,..,,.., /J.tJ /J.O tJ 17 0 &O 0.0 P.0 4•Birds /J t? 0 /J /J /J. /J /J /J 0 ~ p 0.0 e,.o c;u, 5-Clouds, Dust, etc. /} t}_ 0 /J,IJ 0/J t}_tJ IJ (} 0 ao 0.0 ,:u, 6-lnsuffic. blfo. I} /J 0 /}17 CJ. I} /?.{) /J 0 0 a~ 0.0 0.0 7-Psydl,lo1ical I /J I 1,,? /J.O L. 1 /J /J 0 ao ,0.0 0.0 &-Unllllown I tJ I /,.1 CJ.CJ t.1 0 n 0 tl.D o.a O.o ~Iller /J / I /J /J 1.1 L.? I /J I JO.I) d.0 /tJ.0 Total s /0 IS f1J j/..7 /t'ti I/- ~ /0 #,D ,o.o /(}4. M.nv /,.,,,, I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Ballooo /) /J t:J ().0 0.0 ()_0 I ,(? I ?.1 /J.O .17 I-Astronomical 5' 2, 7 Pt.J /{?.!, ft.i ,o g /9 Jt.l) ,t9,(,. tt.t 2·Aircraft q I s 2/./ ~.f ·?tJI ? I 'f I/./ .J'.1 It/~ 3·Litht Phnm. tJ 0 (l ao (J.0 ao /J 0 0 t),0 (!).{J t7.0 4-Birds /J f) 0 0.0 o.tJ o.O tJ tJ C) tJ.O atJ ,:;.o 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. tJ (J 0 t?.0 0. 0 t?.O tJ 0 0 ao Qc) t),O 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. f (l 3 /5-3 tJ.O lfi.fi ? 0 3 /// (!).0 ti/ 7-Psycl-ological /J n 0 ao 0.0 ao ;? t) (J 0.0 O.CJ t),0 &-Unknown 2. tJ z /,:7.!, tJ.O /0.5 /J 0 0 o.o cJ.O o.,:; 9-0ther 1! t) z /tl.!i Cl.O /0-5 I (? I f.1 CJ.O f.7 Total /6 3 /"I tt/2 /5.fi la?. IB '1 Zi I.L.7 .h'-5 l1n, SE - - Oer,oR,:~ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain DOlrbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon JJ tJ 0 tJ.0 t>.(1 o.o ,J 0 0 tW 0.,:) tJ.O I-Astronomical // I /Z ~' s:o lo 0.1 /2, £ 17 4'!.9 Ill /n_~ 2-Aimatt I 2, 3 s.o /0.0 JS.O I y ~ .U, lt'.1 11.U l·light Phenom. (} I} tJ d.O 0.0 0.0 /J I I t:).l) _pt, .?.t. 4-Birds CJ /) 0 t?.O o.o ao / I z _jl, u. 7,1, 5-Clouds. Dust, etc. /) /J 0 ao o.o /).0 0 /J 0 rJ.O 0.0 t).t) 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. 2, /J z /0.0 o.o /0.0 / ,7 I .tt. 0,0 J'.t. 7-Psych:llogical Cl tJ 0 o.o o.o o.o tJ t) 0 tJ.O 0.0 ().0 11-!Jnknown 2, tJ z /M 0.0 /0.t ~ t1 3 ,11.1 0,0 ltJ.7 9-0ther t? I I tJ.O StJ s.o /) IJ l'J {},O ao ao Total /6 ~ ;zo 80.0 zo.o /00, /fl /IJ z~ ff./ J5'.1 /OJ?. 173 Flt/£ SEt!0/1/IJS CJR LESS AA~,tel{ LlPiPtL Numbef Per Cent Number PerCellt ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I} /J t? /JtJ (J./) /J. () I /} I ff.! /J_/J !U ¢' /. /0 2~! J:7}_17 if! h 0 ' ;;;')_tJ tl.O l~o /J /) t) /J,/J /}_/) /1,t, / /J I ~q /J/J 9-1 /J /) 0 IJ./J IJ./J 17.o /J /) 0 /J,/} 1UJ /J. tJ /J 0 0 tJ.O 17.,? lt?.t? /J I I t?.tJ Jl.1 f-5 t' 0 0 ti.CJ IJ.O /J.n /} 0 0 /J,/J 1'20 /J.IJ I t) I f/5 tJ. /J 0 / ,.., I ~ _; /)/) ~j /} t) 0 IJ.O /J.() tJ.tJ /} 0 0 ao /JO /JO / /J I f'.1 1).0 ff.5 2. 0 z lt.1 t?.0 16.1 /J /J 0 tJ.(} /J.O /J_/J /) /J 0 -'?/J 12/J /7, /J (o ~ IZ f/!t:, QJ.o '/tJtJ. ;/ I IZ 1//-t ff.:j 1/JtJ. ./1'Ll/ 4t16u~r Number Per Cent Number PerCait K;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I ~ .5' /,/ .2..t f.5 /J .f 3 I)_() J'.9 19 26 JJ' S'I- ff.I /9.!i 5i.t. If j'_,:; 'fS /1,,? q,_;-:4 L2; .< f 17 $.f r.s lfl' ., ~ 6 '1 .H ~I 11'1 / t? I 1./ o.o /,/ 0 I I ao /._g 1.3 I ft, 3 I.I 2-2 '!.S /J 0 0 o.CJ {!),t) tJ.0 /J I I 0.0 /./ I.I /J /? CJ Cl.O O.CJ 0.0 2.. 0 z 2.2 o.o 2.1. ,(, CJ G 'f G O,i!J ,f, 8' CJ t? 0 o.o 0-d 0.0 / 0 I i.f. tJ.0 /..J ,; 0 ru o.O f.fl t!. t? 6 1i o.o ?<l 2- t? z 2-2 d,0 2.2 1' / 3 .:l.b /, .1 19 ,o 3Z '/Z l/.52 j',f.'f I@. :? I '/6 77 1/tU ,.,. g /t)(J. A/..-:io"£L. A#,e /Jt:t:E""d" R Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ,I) /) 0 tJ.O O.tJ 0.0 ,tl tJ 0 o.O t).t/ o.o ~ ';1 ~ 5'1.3 J'J'..! U.t // ~ zo //18 J'V ft'.? ?., / 3 ?.5 4.f 11/..1 CJ 0 0 C),0 o.O ,tl,0 / /J I d.~ tUJ ,-If tJ CJ 0 tJ.tJ t!).0 e,_o I? /J 0 tl.0 t).0 o.o tJ c? 0 t}.0 ,:J.Cl P-0 /? /J 0 t:).0 LJ.O CJ.(} t:? /J 0 0.0 0.t? t),t) c? 0 0 CJ.CJ ().0 i!JO ~ ,tl 0 ao CU} tJ.O /) c? 0 0.0 ao ,::u, Cl C 0 t!).0 oo t),(J ft 0 2 u· t).0 f.5 ..t IJ :? Jf,tJ o.o /f.t) I C I I ./.9 ao ~f /J 0 0 o.o ao 0.0 /3 8 ZI ti.? 5'1./ lltJO. 14 '1 Z3 M,9 3'1./ /t1ti


=== Page 183 ===

VJIILE Ii Ill fAAwO~{/ ,C,t:-!Rfl"A" rtJmber Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-BallOOII 17 Cl 0 0.0 o.O t).IJ ~ tJ 0 tJ.O o.o o.o II-Astronomical I I ·z ii'O.C ;eo,o 'f-().C / /) I '""·' ao /()OJ 2-Aircraft /] / I ao zo.o 20.0 /J /] 0 P.0 o.o "·" 3-Light Phenom. /} /) 0 0.0 o.o o.c /J /J 0 0.0 o.o o.o 4•8i1ds /) ,.J 0 0.0 o.o ao /J 0 0 O.() o.o i,.O 5-Clouds. Dus~ etc. /} /7 0 0.0 ao 0.0 /] /) 0 0.0 o.o o.o 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I C I ZOtJ o.o 200 I} 0 0 O.o 0.0 o.o 7-Psydl>logial /J /) 0 0.0 O.o ().0 ,,J /J 0 o.o ().0 o.o &-Unkno111n I 0 I 200 ao ;zo.o 0 /) 0 ().0 o.o o.O ~Other /} /) CJ ao o.o 0.0 /J 0 0 0.0 o.o o.O Total 3 z 5 ~0.0 ~o /DO. I 0 I /00.0 0.0 /DO. M,,,, J, .. -: Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon I ,tJ I /0.0 0.0 /tJ.D I /} I s:i 0.0 5:,:, I-Astronomical ? /} if! a,.o o.o ;eo.o ~ ?' /0 II.. 7 .JS'.9 !>!i.l.. 2-Aimaft I I 2 /.0.0 10.0 ii:d.0 ? n 3 IM t).0 /t.1 3-light Phenom. /J I I ao /0.'0 1tJ.r. /] / I t).O 5'./, 5.1. ~Birds I} ,? 0 P.0 (7.0 P.tJ /] 0 0 (!).O 0.0 t?.O S.-Clouds. Oust. etc. /J /) 0 ao o.t o.e; /J /) 0 ao 0.0 o.tJ S-lnsuffic. Info. 2. CJ 2 zo.t o.o 2().4 £ 0 z //./ o:o II.I 7-Psycholo1ical tJ /J 0 ao 0.0 t:).0 /) /) 0 <JJ.4 i,.o IJ.0 8-Unkno'MI ~ 0 2 2,u, tJ.O 'Zt:J.t I Ll I s .. o.tJ 5:,:, 9-0ttler /) Ll ,., o.o o.o o.o C 0 0 o.o ,u:; t).O I Total y 2. /0 go.o zo.o 100, /tJ l? Ii' 15'5"6 41°¢¢' 1/PtJ. Se.Pre~Ac,e /7,._ ,re,e I Number Per Cent Nu- PerCmt Evaluation Certain Ootrbtful Total Certain lloubtfu I Total Certain lloubllul Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon /J / I o.o /0.0 /0.0 ;J /J 0 o.e- 0.0 o.o I-Astronomical i / .J' zo.O /0.t! .70.0 ✓ .? 7 f'½~ 3:1.s 77.l 2-Aircraft /} ?. 2 0.0 PtJ.O zo.o /J /} tJ oo 0.0 ao ·3-Light Phenom. /] 4 0 d.O 0.0 d.O t:J /J 0 0.0 o.o ao 4-Birds tJ I I tJ.t /().t! /().0 /J /J 0 /1() 0.0 O.C, S-Clouds. Dust, etc. C ,,; 0 0,0 o.o ~o /J tJ 0 t:J.o ao IJ.0 6-tnsuffic.lnfo. /J /'J 0 ao o.o o.c. /) 0 0 C/D t:J.O 0.0 7-Psychological tJ /) 0 ().{) 0.0 0.0 ,.J CJ 0 "-0 o.o ao 8-Unknown J 0 j' 340 &.0 3tJ.tJ :z, Cl z 2Z.Z o.o z.e:z 9-0ther t? /) 0 0.0 0.0 tJ.O t? t? 0 o.o tJ.O o.c Total s -~ /0 oo.,1 S'O.tJ /(}(). C. 3 '1 ,,.7 37-3 100. 174 MA,P(!;;' NumbeJ Per Cent ertan Doubtful Total Certain lloobtful Total /) /J 0 0.0 aP fl.0 I /J I zo.tJ 0.0 20.0 I /) I ,i?D.0 0,0 ,Z(/,0 /} CJ 0 o.o 0.0 o.o n /J 0 o.o o.0 a.o /) t? tJ ao o.o 0.0 /) n 0 "-0 ao 0.0 /J /7 C) ao 0.0 o.o ~ cl 3 60.0 0.0 61).0 /) 0 0 t).O o.O a.o s 0 s /Od.0 o.o 140, lnt..<I Hume, Per Cent ertain lloobtful Total Certain lloobtful Total I /) I !1.9 ().0 1-9 /Q 6 ;zo !~o /;'./ ,;1,/ ~ ..J' e ;,lg i'.t 22.9 /) /) 0 ao t1. 0 &1.0 /} 0 0 ao a.o o.c. 0 /} 0 (7.0 t).0 o.o / 0 I 2.9 "·o M /J /} 0 t,.0 0.0 "-0 p' 0 ',L //.// o.o 1/.t/ I 0 I 2.9 tJ,0 ?.9 z~ 'i' JS '/t/.J 16.7 la?. AIAve~Ar,I?_ Nul!Eer Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ ~ 0 tJ.0 o.o "·" .J' /) 3 75.0 o.c. 7s.D /7 0 t:) 1.0 ao (J.O /J /} 0 O.tJ tJ. 0 C:,.G /7 t7 0 ao o.o 0.0 /J t? 0 ao o.o 1).0 t) t? 0 0.0 ().0 I!).() C t.J 0 ao t'-0 O.tJ I /J / zs.o o.o zs.o /} 17 0 tJ.o (J.O 0,0 t.f 0 'I- /00.0 0.0 /(JO• L7AA Number • Perc..t Cel1ain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful ,,;J Cl 0 o.o "'-0 11. /7 ;z :zz.z o.o ~ I 3 z:z.z I(. I 17 /7 0 o.o o. () /7 /J 0 ao o.C, /J /J 0 o.o o.D / t::l I I/./ o.o /J /) 0 O.t:) o.0 f /J 3 33.f t).t:J /) Cl 0 o.cJ 0.0 ~ I 9 n.9 /I. I ,4 ✓l/4/, [7' Number Per Cent Certain Doobtfu Total Cel1ain Omrbtful /J .f 3 ao I/./ ~ J' b 11.1 Ill R ..J' // ?f. f, //./ I /) I ?. ~ 0.0 /J /J 0 o.o 00 ,-'} t) 0 a.o o.o / 0 I .?.7 o.o 17 /7 0 o.o (J.0 4' /) ¥- /,/§ iJ.o / CJ I .J'.7 ~() /.Y 9 Z7 1¼1 ff..J /Jce€-A£,f!! Number Per Cent Certain lloobtfu Total Cel1ain Dmrbtful /} /J 0 CJ.t) ao 17 :z. ,e ao /0"-D 0 17 0 ao tJ.0 4 /,) 0 ao o.t? /7 t.J 0 0.0 0.0 /] /J 0 0.0 0.0 ,,, 0 0 0.0 ao /J /J 0 0.Cl Oo tJ t:J 0 ,:)_ tJ 0.0 tJ t:J 0 tJ.tl t:J.(? 0 z z 0.0 /0,,.O Tot~ o.O zz.z 33.3 o.0 o.o o.o /I. ( cu:. 33.3 a.o '""· Toi~ Ill j'li 1/(J.7 s.7 ao t::lO ..f.7 "·o l.t/ff .J'.7 IOtJ. Total c?.t:J /00.C 00 0.0 0.0 ao tl.tJ c?.O o.o atJ /Oo. I 11 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 184 ===

I _ _,... I I I Enl- 0-Balloao l·AsllOIIOfflial 2•Aircraft I 3-Li&III l'llenom. 4•Bi11ls S-Clouds, Dus~elc. 6-lnsuffic. tnfD. I 7-Psydl>lopcal ........ 9-0111,. I Total I Evaluation 0-Ballooo I 1-A-ical 2-Airaaft Hi&llll'llenom. 4-Birds I S-Cloud~ Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l•Psychological I 8-Unknown 9-0lher Total I St:11. eM c.e I Evaluation 0-Balloon }-Astronomical 2·Aircraft I 3-Lilht Phenom. 4-Birds ~Cloud~ Dus~ etc. I 6-tnsuffic.lnfo. 7-PsycOOlogical 8-Unknolll 9-0ther I Total t I I 1· I I 175 I


=== Page 185 ===

E"'ualion 0-S.IIDDII 1-Asbonomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lia,,tPh810m. t.Birds 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psydlolo!ical I-Unknown Total M4l/ hM,E Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful 0-Balloon /} /) /J 17 /} /) /} /) i:J 17 /J {J ,?r: /J tJ 1-Astronomieal ..? /} 5 4U /) /J //ff /J 0 0 /J/J 171'.J 2-Aircrah :I, 0 ? fff.t. 0,tJ 2t. t. ? :1, 5 11.5 ~5.tJ 3-Liaht Phtmm. tJ I/ ,? /J.O /J /J /? 0 0 CJ /J l/47/J I".!,? 4-Birds /J I} /J /J /) rJ /) t?O /J 0 IJ IJ/J 11./J 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ /J tJ tJ o.o /JO l?.0 0 0 /J t?.eJ O.eJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I? tJ 0 cJ,CJ /J /J tJ. t, 0 /J IJ '/470 /J. /J 7-Psychological /} tJ 0 o.o /J./} /JO /,} tJ tJ /J/) 17£} 1-Unkno"" :1, /) ~ 1f:6 /? /} 21.t, 2- 0 2, 2!rtJ /4n 9-0tller I} /} n 17. r, I)_/} /J 0 17 / I tJ.tl /2.5 Total 1 tJ '1 //?tJ.I. tJ.tJ IP/1, 5 .1 $' ~.ts J'15 Ji< ,P7 G'.'- ""eL> /J4-rtJA' r-A! I Numbef Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ootmtlul Total Certain Dooblful 0-Balloon I} I I /J.tJ ,f_ 7 '7.7 / /J I /f..J /J /) I-Astronomical /J I y 115:4" '7.7 2.1./ fl /J :1, 29:t. /J /J 2-Aircraft ? I J 2?.I 77 .J~. / /J / ;f.J /J,O 3-LiehtPtlenom. /J IJ /} /J.C /JO /J/) /J tJ 17 £);; tJ 17 4-Birds /] I / ,1,/J ..,_ 7 -7.1 I) /) I? 40 120 S.Clouds, Oust, etc. ,/J /J 0 17,/J l'.)./J /10 /J 17 /7 cJo tJ. /J 6-tnsuffic.lnfa. I /J I '11 /J.t? ,1_1 /J /J /J l'7 /, O.tJ 1-Psychololical I) /J tJ // ✓? /7,/} ,-:J_t, /J tJ /} /J lj t? 0 8-Unknolll 1 0 _J' 2JI /20 n.1 .? 17 J' 1¢1.K eJ,O 9-0tlle! /) /J t? ~,o /J.O /J // /) (? /J I/J /J /J.O Tolll fl ,/ /? t.f z J'o.K /,?,::7 '7 /J ,, 1.?t'-, IJ.0 176 lut.U Nunler Percent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /J /J 5 .f!- '7 Z1 /. d.? F/9 /JO / 17 / !?./ /J /J 2.1 ~,?,5 /2, /2, ,.2// 155 25:5 51.0 tJ.tJ /} / ,/ /JtJ 21 11 /J/J / /J I 2J /Jd :2./ /JO tJ ,:J d /JC? ao 0/J ao .? 0 J 1.4" IJtJ L..1/ ,2/J /J /7 0 /JO t'JtJ /J,eJ '?,:;p /17 0 /CJ .2/3 tJ.O £/J' ,z.5 /1 /J /J tl.tJ /J,,., ao la? .? .2.. 15 ,/7 II.I"./ :Jlf /r)(J. A ✓ - A-- Nuntler Per Cent Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ;,/,.J /} I I l,1.t7 £d.t7 /J/J/J fit /J :1,. /J /) tl ¢t7tJ d?r- 1//f I /7 I ftVJ t7.0 M.t7 /20 CJ tJ /J 17/J ao /J.O cJ.O /J /7 /J /}// /Jt? /J /J 170 /,} 0 /J 117.0 IJ.O /J.O /}/J / /J / !'1/J.o tJ.t) 1tJ. t) n n /} 0 /} /J./J /J.O IJ.O ✓ .a /J /7 0 ao tJ.O o.o /) tl /} /) /J 11? I? /}. tl 170 liJtJ. :z. .f' 5 ,Wl/l /./)_ /l 11.&1 ,4,,G057' Number PerCml Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful / d 5 .2 I /,!,5 ..1 .$ t, i?. ✓ M' _;, z 5 ?,// /.:.s 0 / / I/. tJ .?.I /J /J /J 1111,::? t?.t:J /J 0 t? Cl./J /JtJ ff /J 4' 11.5 cJ.O .z tJ :Z f..3 /JO f d ? 28'.I I?. t7 tJ /J ,,, /J,/J /J,tJ 2:2 /0 J':Z 1&9:7 .71.1 £let!G'~.,,,ee Number Per Cent Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful / / .t f. ? L..1 /J ::? d lf..1 /,/...1 . ?' 5'. 5 '2.!}.(J /'l.3 0 0 /7 /J. tJ 17.0 /? /J /J tJ.o tJ.0 /J 0 0 0.0 1'7.0 /7 t? /J /J.O /J. tJ 0 tJ 0 tJ.cJ /J.O 2- /} :z. 1.J,.J /J. tl .2.. /J :z. lf.:J /J. 0 /cJ 5 15 l/./.7 .f.!.$ Total 15'.t. /,0 15.7 ,?/ /?/1 /J 17 11., i.S 2$'./ /J. 0 /Cl(). Tot~ I.?.~ :Jt.. t J.f.3 0.0 /J.O 170 otJ !/J.O /J..1 1.lJ lt7tJ. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 186 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evalaatioll 0-Ballaoo 1-Astmnomical 2-Aimlfl 3-Liahl Ptlenom. 4-Birds s-ci-. Dus~ ··~ 6-lnsaffic.'9111. 7-Psydrolo&ical ·- ~Iller Total Evaluation 0-Batlooo l·A-ical 2•Aircraft 3-Liij,I 1'11010ffl. 4-Bilds 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological &-Unknown ~lher Tot~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2·Aifcraft 3-Li&hl 1'111110111. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dust. el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 11-Unlalo,., 9-0ther Total Ce!IJin I :Z, :v /} /J 0 I ,J , I i' Certmn ~ /J .J' I} rJ I) ~ r'J t, ,2, ZI Certain ? I I 17 /J /} I /J /1,, /} 18' /:V,1/Ll/,frt(J,f/ t),t; (/Alff >IG/ff'/A/6S .cae t?LL */IRS 11,f ,?I/LAV17111 OF S/GHT(UG ,: ,.,, MOAlr,-,ts t?r VE;'le' S/J'T</ AA ✓~ ,r -r/7 ,,,,,- .,,,,,,, .. ,,,_I/is J,-., •LJA,:/ ,t:°(£ /fl,t'pLJ,Pl/ MA,<;,!# ,4,,?, t. rt,- PerC"'t Number PerC...t Nu- Percent - PerC...t Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t;ertain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain.. Doubtful Tot~ I 2. ,/J/J J/J./} IUJ.tJ / /) I 91 /J. tl 4.1 / /] I ~I ,o.tJ '?.1 :t. t? z 7.7 0.0 17 tJ ;;tl'1/J/l -'?" IMo /J I I /J. /} 4. I 9./ tJ /) 0 ,?/J t?. tJ I) 0 /J /J 0 tf.O o.o 0.0 I "' IM,; 1ao .1tJ /) ',J. 0 z JJ:t /}/} /K".t $, :v ~ /ft /%.2 i't9 '7 2,, 9 2t.? 17 .li/1, /} 0 17./J ~,, tJ.tJ 17 0 CJ J'.?'7 ,, /I /J./J t:J /J 0 /.?/J /J,/J /J.O /} /J tJ o.o 0.0 0.0 /J 0 /}/} /J,, r?. /} /} 0 0 /}/} /J/J ;7_,!) tJ t:J 0 th~ 0.0 t.JtJ I t? I .J'.J' 0.0 5',g /} tJ /J /} rJ.IJ /}/} 0 0 0 IJ.0 tJ.iJ 0.0 tJ / I /{/1 f. I ~I /J /J t'J 0.0 0.0 ().0 tJ I Jt2tJ ao JOO .2, t:J 2 11.t '1,/J IK'.2 /] /] 0 17.(l /).tJ /J,/1 J' 0 3 J/,5' o.o 11.5 I} tJ ,,,, (2/J O.tJ /) /J 0 tl.iJ /}/} tJ. tJ /) /) t:) ,,,_,, /7,/J [/,1.t) I 0 I 5'-3 PO ?.g {/ I 1tltJ tJ. tJ //JO ."l 0 3 iU O,t) 'JU /? tJ z /~t tJ.tJ vu q /) 9 Nt. d_() 2L/," tJ I 1/Jn a o 11/J IJ 2, tJ ,c 1it ().tJ !U tJ " :.- /;(J '21.! 211 I 0 I '?.K ao ..u 2, JtJ tao WO IJ(l/J. /0 I // 9rJj (j I ftJtJ. s c;; II lf5'~ 5d1. /~ Zr,t z ii% 'lt-1 '1.7 /LJP -"-"V /,, 11,e J,, {/ ,4p,-;t,tf;r Number Per Cent Number Pere.., NuntJer PerC...I Number PerCalt Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certin Doubtfu Total Certain Ooobtful Total ft, y 19..J I..< :f!,.f ,r. / 7 ?/J1 J.;/ .2dl //) /Q 33 ;d,,-J /tl.1, 11,.() /tJ J::!, zz 149 11.? tti :2, z a.o ~-5 /...!, I ::1, 3 .J'.4' /4. q l;/,1, J' I ..? ¥ 17.f{ 2.5 .JI I / z 1.5' J.5' j'.tJ it '? f.7 lf.3 29.tJ 5 4 9 111. z 1.?.s .f/.17 2LJ 1¢' 3¢ /5'-/ IIJ.t 15.7 //} 4' /'I I//. I/ £(7 20,I/ tJ 0 ao o.o 17. tJ /) // 0 t'-0 IJ.0 0.0 k I 7 t/. 5 tJ.1 5.1 0 .f 3 0.0 L'/,5 1/.5 t) 0 tJ.O 0.0 11.0 /J 0 0 t!>.o /2.0 0.0 /) 0 t) Cl.O t:)_(J o.o ,, /} 0 0.1) t:!.O o.o tJ 0 i'-0 ().0 ().(J // cJ 0 O.o o.,:, IJ.O 0 0 0 17.0 O.() a.a 0 0 t? 00 o.o tJ.0 /J 'I- 129 o.o 12., 0 tJ c:J t:).0 0.0 o.o /J 0 /3' u 0,0 9.f f tJ '3 ,d,< 0.0 // 5' 0 0 0.0 C).O t:l.O /} tJ 0 /).L) o. () o.o 2,. .J' s 1.-5' ? . .J' fK .t. / 3 f,t:J /.5' ¢5 tJ <,; Jf.3 i'-0 /9.J '7 c? 7 Pl.I cu, 21/.I 7.J 0 33 115:.? o.o 15.IJ ;,f t? /ff ft. p t:J.0 l?t,. .9 {} z. i..5 P.O L;; .J' 0 3 J/J.1 t:J.O 1/J.! ..1 0 3 2-? 0.0 ?.1 2, t? z 117 o.o .1'.0 /0 3/ l/417 .ft.1 'Joo, zz 7 Z9 -1..;: 9 NI /PtJ. 97 '3S- I.JZ 11'./.~ 2t.~ /a:1. -st ZI r;,7 l..fl'.1 .JJ,.f /Otl. <.,,-PT'6'.,t.,,,/?c.t!. /},- rt:J,-f E£ J///11.1£μ#£,tf!!. i)Geet<-?6'e,t> Number Per Cent Number Pere.,,, Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Ooobllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Ooobtful Total .c g f5 /5f 222 ~ 4 b ,,,, /,;'J,I //,I 2 t? z 25t .at1 ~5:t ,2, I 3 /I. I ;:;:I, /1,.1 I z If 1.f .;:[, 0 -1, z 0.0 1/.1 'f.1 I 17 I 11..?5 tl.O 11.1.5' I I ,G 5:i{; s.t IIZ /2, 13' u .!3.J Jt.J J 5 i' II~ /9.2 !tJ.1 /} t7 0 tl.r:? t?.t? tJ.t:J / LI' s ,;:i:, 21.2 2'1!l 17 0 ao 0.0 o.o 0 0 0 f'-0 o.o o.o I /} / /~~ JJ,1? 11?.5 t7 a 0 o.o o.o Q.d I} 0 t:l.O o.a 0.0 t7 tJ t:J o.o tJ.0 io.o /? /} 0 /J,/J ;1/J tJ.6 t? /} ,::, O.tl t:).O 0-0 r) t:) o.o ().O (!)_(l /J 0 Cl o.o 0.0 o.o I} '.?, z tJ.O 25:J? 4C~ 0 /J 0 o.o 0.0 o.o 17 I ..?! P.O .t-3 I 0 I .U o.O f.K /) 0 0 ll.O n/J 1).0 2.. 17 z JI. I 0.0 ;I.I 0 0 ,?.0 o.() d.tl t? t:? 0 0.0 .J.O (J.0 0 /'} 0 t?tJ ao tUJ /} /) 0 ao o.o (J.t:) tJ 12 J_{j eu; JJ.J % /} ,ff" JI}$ t:l.O !Jo. f ? /J z 'Jt;_I} tJ() 15,; /4 0 6 j'.J.3 o.o n.1 0 0 /).0 t).O o.O I t? I 11 0.0 'l.! tJ I} 0 /J/1 /JO oo 0 17 0 IJ.O o.a ac:i /8 36 St).{) l~o 1,,,,,_ IS j/ Z6 51'1 412.3 //J/1 t;;; z g -'/,;:t? 15.tJ Jt)p. le 6 /8 (,(,.1 ;'.J.f //7P. 177


=== Page 187 ===

rAtfLg 11115 CnP _, ,?C r,/E.A"'- ILJ,t, 'AA,/ ,t:",q .. - Per Cent Ninber Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain OodJllul Total 0-Ballooo I I z ?/ 7. I 142. ..I /J 3 1:t.l ,,,,, tU 1-AstlOlallical ..1 (1 3 .1/J/ tJ.0 2//I I /J I fl IJO f.l 2-Aircraft ? I 3 ldJ 7.1 21¥' /J :2, z 11.tl 1R_?. l(f 3-Li&htPhenom. /J 0 0 ao o.O 0,0 /J /) 0 17./J /},7 lltl 4-Birds tJ t) 0 0,0 ao tJ.0 /) t? 0 tJ.tl 11,/J IJ,/J 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ tl tJ 0 (),0 (1,0 ao /J /J 0 /1/J /JO /} /J 6-lnsulfi~ lnl>. (1 tJ 0 oo ().O (),0 (1 /J 0 tl.O 116 /},IJ 7-Psydlolo~cal / ,,, I ?;/ 0,0 11 /) /J 0 /J,0 (),/1 /JO .. _ d /J Lf. 2it o.o 1/'.t :t /J z 1<>1 11.tJ li:2 !l.()tlle, I /J I ?.I (1.0 ?.I ..J' ,,, .-::/ ,,,,,~ '7/1 21.f I Total IZ z N l.15-7 IL./.l /CJa 9 z II 11.f ,.,t /PP. llf "71/ hl/11£ Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain lloobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain -tful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon "I 2, 92,/; /.,, '.1~/} ,,,, ? /0 If.I fl'/ 21.0 l·Astronolllical .fl_ I 3 £.9 ?4 ltl..1 ? /'J ;z ;,,/ ao 5,II !-Aircraft 'l 2, s lt?..J ;,,:f 11.t ~ f ¥ I.H ii 2/.I, 3-liflll'llenom, J /? 3 ICJ.! (),0 /12 f / ,:J I .2.1 ao ,t,;1 4-Birds /1 0 0 ao P.0 ao /7 /7 0 0,0 o.O o.o 5-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ / /} I :tu 0,0 .?¢ /) ,? /) ao o.o t:J.O 6-lnsuffic. tnro. .J' tl 3 /(l.J CJ.0 ,n,.J _g /7 3 V t,.O (/ 7-Psycholo1ical 17 17 0 tf,0 t?.0 ao g' 17 « !IP.11' o.a 1//l.i 11-IJnknoMI t! /) z t.9 t:J,11 /.,9 q t) 9 ?,/J ao !241 !I-OIiier / £, 3 .u' £.9 IIJ.1 /J t? CJ C,,() (},'1 ao Total z:c 7 Z9 11"..;:9 .2,/./ /RP. 31 la 37 ;rn /1,,,:/,, I/II), SEr - A,:- /J-'T""'Ee Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain OoubtfuI Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain -tful Total Certain Oooblful Total 0-Balloon .J' 2- s ,,,,_ /) ,:., '? /1,,-7 /} L G /},/J <'l)_t) 2,,_,,, l•Astrono111ical /J fl.. ,2 /J,/J 1,,.7 ,:..1 I 2, 3 5'.t) //J.t) /5,t) 2·Airaaft I Ji' '1 :t :( ,!t,'1 :?/I~ I 2 3 5:tJ ,t).0 /C,/J 3-Light Phenom. / I z %..3 J',3 I.I. / :2, :? ,;,() 1(),t) /5:I) 4-Birds /) /) 0 P.tl ,?. /) /J,n /J / I /)/) 5',/J 5.tl 5-Cloll'I~ Ou~ el~ n /J 0 I/J,/J t?,I} t!J,O /J tJ 0 /)./) 17.() tl. CJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 1 /J 3 ,,,_,, /J./J /{J.t) / /J / ~tl /1,0 ;,.CJ 7-Psychoh>e[cal /J (1 0 t:?.0 /),t) t),O 0 0 0 ,?/l /7, () 11. tJ 8-Unkncn11 7 t? 7 ?,f..1 /J,/J ,2,'J .1 0 3 /S:t) I},() /!,.17 9-0ltler / I z .i',$ .?..! L.t /7 /J 0 /J/, /J. tJ la.o Total /t;;; /If 30 £1'.! UL..7 /(Jn, 7 /3 zo K,t) ~,:;,;; 100. 178 S/-1' -7°',? _u,47'</ MLJ,ei!,u Number Per Cent i;enain -lful Total Certain Doubtful Total / I z gg $:5' /t.~ I /7 I JU CJ.I) $:? / 2, 3 . 9: 3 l~-1 5P /7 /'J 0 0.0 d.O 0,0 t? ,? 0 O.tl t:J.O P.0 CJ /) 0 cJ./) t?.t!J &,t. /7 /7 0 0.0 ae- (7,fJ /) 0 0 a.o 0,0 0.0 ,, t) 5 4/.5' o.o I//.~ /J / / 0,CJ ff.3 x'.3 8 If /,2 It.a B . .7 I/a:! h,,:,u NwJIJer Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t!Q /&- 36 ~(ltl /(ltJ 2n,. ,,, ,:,I // <1 J..J ti.I /£, fl Z',I. If..! t.1 ?fl/, 7 2, s :1.5 1.1 Q'.t ,n 17 0 tf./1 0.0 d.0 /7 Cl a o.o o.O ,t/,0 lh 0 16 11. .J t).0 l?..1 / ,? / /] ~ t:J.O tJ.f 2£ C? Z,2 l.i'.3 a£) 11'.f d / s 11 IJ.f /f.l ?3 Z7 /ZO 1"1G 22.5 Ida ,v,,,.ve.-.,,,6£ NullEer Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ? #' ' ~1 IV/ l.?i,,./ .2. ;' s r.t /f. IJ 217 /J 1 3 0.0 /.!.CJ f.:?r. / / z 4,J', d.J ft, /J /) (J d.0 t:},tJ ,?,O /J CJ (J ao t:J.O C).0 / /J I ! 4. .1 (J.O l.d.J I? /J 0 t:1.0 cJ,O ao £ 0 i;;, ?/.,/ o.o 2t.l /J /) 0 ao ao (J.0 IZ II Z3 '>:2 2 4'·U la:'. .. ·- ,4,P,e✓L Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful /J /7 CJ /J.O tJ.O fl, /7 z 15.4 t:J.CJ I,( 0 4 .f/).8 O.cJ ,? /J 0 t:l,t) tJ.O 0 t) 0 CJ,0 0.0 /) 0 0 t:J.t'J (P,(1 I /J / :t7 CJ,() /7 /7 0 o.o ao ,:, t? G 1/U. 0,0 /) ,? 0 ().0 Ot:J /.% 0 15. /t)t).P tJ,O L/,1✓ -.1.S"r Nullber Per Cent Certin Doubtfu Total Certain Dlllbtful /'? /j 30 ;f,; ;t/,9 ff 2, /0 f.t ?.J £. // /7 l. 9 Ith v /J 'I- d t, ao ,? 0 0 ao o.o Cl I I ao /,/ /4 ,? 6 £.'I t:J,0 '7 ,? z 2-f o.o ,. C? IZ J.f.i {J.tJ d / ., 4t /,/ .s-., Ztl '87 l/41.f 112 L>c LG,._,,,,,cc.,, Number Per Cail Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful ~ / 3 ff.II 4.IJ ? .I c; -?/J,/J E/,t) / 1?. 3 ✓ ,p ~/J / 0 I 4.t:J t1tJ /J Cl 0 ,,?,tJ /J,/J 0 Cl 0 t1tJ ,:J,t:J 2- Cl z R.tJ tJ,p / 0 I ¢tJ /l,tJ ¥ 0 g 12.d tl.tl / 0 I .t/,/J /7,/J ZI ~ ZS l.r ✓ .o IL., /J Tola ao /5".f' j'/). t Oc> ao t:1.0 '/.? t:J.tl 4t,2 O.t:J /PP. Total 31/,t/ 1/5 !?.5 I/~ oO II /. 9 ?.f I.J.X 5.1 /{JI). Tota 11'.tJ 2'10 12-d ,j.p /J.C? a tJ t.o q,17 .12.tJ L/ () ln/1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I:


=== Page 188 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enluation 0-Balloon l·Astmnomical 2-Airmft 3-Liafll Phenom. 4-Binls ~louds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo~cal &-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation II-Balloon 1-Asbonomical 2-Aircraft 3-Liat,IPIIIIIOIII. I-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. elc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholo&ical 8-Unkno• 9-0ther Total Certain iJ /J /1 ,., I') I /1 /7 ,,, I :z Certain /) .? 2- /, / /7 z / Q / /I.} M~'c/ Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total IJ Cl /J b /2 IJ LIJIJ / I /J /J ('f,j' :t:tj' /J 0 ,, /) /J,.IJ /J /) /1 /1 /7 J'. /J,t:, 1/J. /} 0 0 /I/) /J,/J t?,/? IJ I j'.J.J ✓ .? n JU ,,, Ci 1-'l/l /J.O C).C) /'} t? I ~/J /J. t) I /.1!? /J Cl 1.-,,., /U? - ,., t? I l~.J l?.O ,17.3 / ? l~t, U...f lli/0. ',£,R "$JA dt;JIR_ Numbef Per Cent I Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /J, £-1 ✓ .?.CI (tJ 1.tJ I ✓ 1u // (J lt.tJ ~- ef f/',P $(7 1t.tJ / I ! /?cJ ,;. 0 "I.ti J? I .11.cJ ~o ~(l /) /J /) /J ,,, t? /)/) /} .t, ~tl /J. Cl ft? /J I 1/tJ /J.(J //.tJ /J 9 JttJ tJ.O J'?.O /J / ,l,t) /J_/J ,/,,2 t. ,:J,;- ;tlt}O tltJ I/@. lu11,,£ Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total "f ~ 9 ! 16:tJ /£/(} 14"<.p ·c- /) 5125.'P 17.IJ 2!>.t? '7, /J :t ltl.o /1 /J llt:J.& /J 0 C) t?,t) /J.O l/Jn 0 /J /) t?.0 /20 l/1 t? /, IJ /] L1t7 /J,/'J /)/1 ,,, /J /1 /J /, -10 l/4,:7 Cl a t? (J /} /,J /J 11?.CI .? /J J' /5:C) /2/J '5.tl / 0 / ,;_ t) ao G;(J /(/ :Z '7'(J l,-;-1/- 10.tJ l1r.Y.1 /J..ro.,-,7 Number Percent Certain -tful Total Certain Doobtful Total ~ / ,I IVJ/. /(}./) I@,:; I /} I I/A., t?.t? I 1/J" /, /J ,:7 t:Ul ao lao /, /7 /} 1/Jt? 1ao 1,-,,-, I I? I /tl.(l ,..,,., I/&.& /7 /J /) 1'7,n 0.0 ao /J /) IJ 1/-10 /,1/} 0.0 /} /J t7 la 0 £.tJ tJ.O ? ,? J' i'IJ(l t2/J ft)./} /) / I /J./J 1a. t) /().0 ff £, /(} j'(J.p 2tJ.tJ it:1a 179 J,,,v ,4176 tf.S'-7' Nuriler Per Cent Number PerCmt ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /$ /,I //,, If.& I.I 25:.1 /. ? 9 ;,;:8 '1 () ,,. ,, K 41 Jt 12-1 t.J /9.tJ ..,, ,,: If 1% ti /5~ .1.t.'.2 ..? ,(/ 7 4'.t t,.3 11 J '2, I .3 5'. ..! 2.t ,, q / 0 I /./, /J.O /.6, /) / I /J.n ?.I, 2.t. /J Cl 0 ltl.O /J.IJ a tJ /J 0 /J 17./? /1,17 I rl,n /J /J 0 ; ,1,t? t:J.O t?.O /J ,? tJ 10.0 /J./J /'J.O 5 d ff ?9 t?. 0 7! / CJ I 2.1, a.o L,I, / / ,z I.I. I. t, J.Z '7. a 2 5'..I o.o 5'.J' -~ 0 d 1fft. O.Ci 2~/, '7 Cl 7' 1i',tl /J,r) /I? LI <!'. 0 2, .fZ 0.0 .?.2 /J 2, .z. ll?.'1 5.5 5.5 5t} I..! i..! 119.4' 20.t ;(JC)_ 25 IS 1 fl lt.S:-f j'./,Z /tit). ,.,- - A- /Jcee,..,,d&e Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /) ~ /J /J,,, d.tJ lai:7 /,l /J /J_ 1?"' ~11 CJ. cJ ? ?, ,5"1-?/J,/, /f.f l.f<'J I / .t, .!.J. :l J'j'..1 // / I 2- ...! t.7 /f.5 fft).p /} tJ t7 I /J'1 /J_ /J ,.,,.., /J 0 /} Cl.CJ /),/) /J,C} /,J /J /J -,, ,, ,, ,., cJ /J CJ I? tl.O /J,/J 0.0 I.? t? IJ ,1_,,, /J /) /J /) /] /J /J /) ~ I)_/) /2(1 /J tJ /J /) /J_ /J Cl "'.Cl 2.- C) ~ /f..7 tJ/} 1$.7 /.J /J 0 /J./J (J_/J /J 11 I 0 / ~-;' tJ.tJ 6-? /,} 0 Cl t}_/J ,., /J /'J.O 2 0 .J' tao O,tJ 2at:J 17 cJ /) Cl.CJ O.o 00 / C) I 1,,1 tJ.O 1.7 I Cl I .ff.3 tJ.tl 55.S II ef 15 1/.3 2~.1 l()(J :t I .ff t/,IJ J'.f...! /t),?.


=== Page 189 ===

r,Mt.£ EnlaatiGII 0-Balloon • 1-Astmnomical 2-Airaafl 3-Liat,t Ptlenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. f>lnsuffic.lnfo. 11-Unkno.. 9-0llltr Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 3-Liat,tl'h...... 4-Birds 6-lnsuffic.lnfa. 7-PsydlDlogical II-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balioon 1-Asbonolllical 2-Aircraft 3-Liat,ll'h"""'- 4-Birds ~c, ..~,. 0us1, etc. 6-lnsuffic. ... J.PsydlDlogical 8-Unknown !I-DIiier (2,-C 'i(Gl(T(/1/G 180 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 190 ===

I I I I E.. Ullion 0-Balloan l•AstlOIIOllliCII 2-Aircraft I Higt,t Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffl~ lnfD. I l•Psycllolo&ical 1-Unialolll Mlllllf I Tolll I Evaluation 0-Bllloon I l•Aslnlnomical 2•Airaall Higl11Ph"10ffl. 4-Birds I S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l•Psychological 8-Unkno• I Millier Total I I Evaluation 0-Balloon l·Astronomical 2-Aircraft I Higl11Pl1aloll. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Du~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. I l•Psychological 1-Unkno• ~ther I Total I I I I I 181 I


=== Page 191 ===

Evaluation Certain 11-Ballooo /) I-Astronomical tJ 2-Airtraft LJ 3-Li&IIIPhfflDll. /J 4--Birds /J 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 17 6-lnsuffi~ ~I>. / 7-Psydlololical t? 8-- I !1-0thO' tJ Total 2', Ewaluation Certain 0-Balloon / I-Astronomic.al ~ 2•Aircraft I 3-light Phnm. /J 4-,Binfs /J 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 0 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 2.. I-Psychological t) 8-Unknown 0 9--0ther /J Tot~ k Evaluatioa II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircratt 3-Li&IIIPh010III. 4--Birds 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholotical 8-Unkno"" 9-0ther Total ,1119 EvALuAOL2AI ,7,c t:7.({Jet!.r S/6N,..r.'-'z"'Af."'iGS"""--E-=;e ... !R__.A:z.L..,_L--"~'=~-"t9,,',<,.,.:£'---""-"'v'--,,12""11,,,,'R..,,'A..,z-,'"'"''°'a,,wOL...,a"'1C""-,..s,.,1t,;,,.,ft'.CL,r-u-'='lllt,; r ie r. ~ .S/ ,,:i ,.. "A" ·H.;; a ·/-"'.L x ..,...,, -reJI/ sEeCJ/1/tJS J,,,,v. 4,/ /' E ;7,RV."'°u IA - .., /7,Ps>n Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Percent Nu- Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota tJ /J /J./J /J,7 /J/J tl LJ 6'11.7/J /J/J tl.O /) /J /) /J_/J 12/J ,?/1 tJ /J tJ tJ.t? t!tJ tJ. tJ I I /J/J 1£() 1_,;,r, / LJ I I/VJ, '? /J //1,?I) / /J I 15:tJ ;t/J 15-0 2- t7 :z,. 25.o ,1r1 2G'.O / I '?" ~!,.() 1GtJ t? t? /1 ,.,,,., 11.0 t2tl tJ 0 tJ 12d /J/J 1.2v / / z 11.!, 12.G 1t>.P /J tJ /J./J ;2tJ ,1,? t? ,:? t? lt2t7 tJ.tJ tJ.t? tJ tJ /J /7.,:7 /]/} rJtJ /J C) /1 tJ.,:7 ,:1.t? tJ.tJ /] /J ,1 /J // /J /J/J t? /J ,? t).LJ /J. tJ ,?/J /J 17 ,? t?.t? JJ./J Cl.tJ t? t7 0 /Jc? /70 ao t7 tJ ,1/J JJ. t7 ,1tJ /J ,'7 C) /]/] /J.tl CJ.tJ tJ 17 /J tM ,1.,::J tJ./4 /] 0 c1 tl. /J /1 '1 (?CJ t7 I 1!.tJ OCJ 1G.tJ /1 CJ /J '?/J tJ.tJ I')() /] /7 ,? tl.tJ /J,J (l.(J / 0 I 112'.;, t:J.tJ /,J_ !, CJ /J tJ.CJ ,'717 /J.CJ 0 0 d Cltl /?./J L2/J t? C) t? tJ.O t.:7.tJ /J(J /J C7 ~ /J.t? .at? O.CJ tJ / Z5".tJ c?t? :25. () 0 t? ,? tJ.tJ /}/) c:J,/J ..1 ti .J' 15tJ lltl ,;,:-,-, ? 0 ..J' .!1.5 t:J,:J .!15 t? cJ /.?CJ at? O.Cl t? tJ ,? ,1,-, /J/J Ll.t? tl /J 17 /7,/J 12tl at? t:1 t:1 /? t?.t? ,2,::7 Cit? ~ 4 5CltJ ,C!,7 /0?. -; J'7 I 1/t'P.u 00 "c?CI. ✓ t? ~ /@t tl.cJ /al ~ I B' $'7,;- ld-5 /t)t! ,v1,,, /, ,& Jv£l/ d,u-/.S"7'"' Number Pl!t'Cent Number PerC01I Nulltler Per Cent Number PerCmt Ooubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubllu Total Certain Doubtful Tota 0 I l?.6 /7.tJ 11.5 / 0 I 5:9 t?.tJ S:9 tl 0 ,:J /J/J ,ao ao /) .J' .5' t2t? 1/.'5 ;u /J t, ,;Ji:; /J /J.t) 25:o ..? t P Id~ .1S:J 5.f.9 ~ ,( ,,;- ;'.?.3 22.2 !>5.5 f ,f L. /ff, /;:,,. L~.o / Z 12.'.5 11-!. ~,;.p .J' /) S' /V .. atJ /-tt. ,I;" :2. '7 /A',;;; :(g 25. 9 R ~ !Cl SP.fl 17 _n_,; / / £1.tJ /2. 5 It.ti tJ / / 1/.J.tJ ~9 S:! tl /7 t:J /7/J ,?,? '/2 c7 / 0 I .s.J? t?.LJ ..?.f? /J /J ,?.() ,,,,:J t?.t? /1 t:1 12 ltJ. Cl t2tJ t2t:1 t? 0 t:J ,20 ao ao tJ tJ /J ,,.,,., /J /J /?.t? 0 tJ t7.tJ cJ.£J t:J. t? 0 tJ t? tJCJ tl. tJ ,?.(? /J tJ c7 ,,.,,,., ,?/1 ,,.,,,., /J ,? /J ,?,? /.J,/J a~ 0 £ ft,_,? £2,:7 lzs.-o !l.. t) .t, 11.11" tJ.O //.f / ,:? I 17 /],? 5.7 / /7 I ~.S £1tJ ?fi! t? /J /]/) /J/J I.a,::;, /) tJ /J t?t? ,:2/J !/7/] /J /1 /; ,,.,,.,, '7/J do tl tJ /) /J/J c:l/J ao /) 0 tl.£J J2t? /J.O I t) / !>-! t?./7 ;.p j tJ .f //./ /2/7 //./ .fl 0 4 ;5:p' t:J /J /5.4 /) t? /J. tl ao a tJ ,? 0 tJ LJ(J at? t2L) I tJ / 17 t?.c:J .5'.7 / tJ / 1~ tJ.O f. ll 1.. ff 11£"0 ?,:,CJ /t)/1 /cJ '/ /'7 !ill.i 4/.2.. /(),?. If i ~'1 17'4.4 29,t,; /t?o. /2 {I Lt!. 1;.~ t .?OS I/M 182 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 192 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Edlaation 0.11111111111 1-Asllooolllical 2-Aircrlft 3-LiptP!Mmo. 4-Birds 6-lnsuffic Info. 7-PsydlDlopcal 8-Unlolo• Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Utht Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ elc 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psychological &-Unknown 9-0the, Total Evaluation ~Balloon l•Astronomical 2·Aircraft 3-Li&h!Ph010III. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Du~ elc 6-lnsuffic.lnJo. 7-Psytholoaical II-Unknown 9-0ther Total Certain I I I 0 /} /) ,; /} ~ / /{) Certain /? £J d 0 C1 I} ?.. / /1 CJ 1 AAA< Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t? I~! tl.CJ f{.J' I} I .< .! t?.t:J ff! I ,? ;rt {i:t I//. L /} Ol,?,-7 tJ.v 1011 I I tJt? f{J' gs /} /J tJ.Cl IJ.t? 0. Cl /} d 5f.J /Jt? j.J.j n t? IM ,'//J t//} 0 t,, /J. 7 (J.,:J /L.? /} I ~'f /1t? i'.1 :t ,z, 111( .1 /~.1 /PP. Jel'rEH.#Eil! Number Percent DOlrbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ?, t.lA,? /¢.J' 1¢.! I I 120 ?I 71 J' 7 H.t, .V.// .5iJt. L) 0 I)/) tJo °,,}/) /) p /)/) /) /l tl. tJ I I /Jtl ?I '1.I /} ?, l'/.J /J/1 llJ' /) I 11 /J,tJ V LJ /) /JtJ tJ.tJ l.aO /? tJ /2() /1./l 11?.t? '7 ;,/ 5l).p 5"0, tl ttlO. Jv, 'E Number Per Cail Certain Doublful Tolal Certain Doobtful Tolal / /, I 5.9 l?.t:J 5,9 I ~ J' §. 9 Iii 11?.'7 5 2. J' :!9.~ //.( ~-:Z /} /1 r7 tJ. t:J t:Jcl a~ ;J /J t? I IJt:J 12,:? Ot) /} /7 /J /J./, tl.cJ t?. ,j ..! 0 j 11.t. /h1 1:t t, /} 0 /; t:Jt? /Jc? /}/} .7 /) .J' /'/.~ /2/) 11.t 0 /) C, ;J_/1 /Jt:J lb?a 1.1 q I? 11M zs.s /i?t?. I //erLJdE,e. Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doobtful Total /J tl tl I /J/J /J/J I 12c:,' fl / f 12-i II. I .1.f.f / ::z .f II./ l?t.t In.I /, t) I} /?/1 tJ.tJ ao /l /} p /J/J - ✓ .2tJ t?C' ;J I I /JIJ ti. I I/. I / /} / //./ /J_/J //. I /J £) 0 4(7 /J() ,,,,,., I tJ / II I /Ul //./ /} 0 tl t:Ul t?.t? tJtJ s ✓ f 5"51, 41./¥ 1..,.,,. 183 Jo£-</ ,4t,,G ~<r Nurlmer Per Cent Number PerC81t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total f :f' t //t ~I U, ;J I I 17./J :f't1 f.Cl L / 11 ~ 1 /.I. 1/.3 /4 .5 ,1 /~,? /!,./ :15.~ Pl /5 29 22t, I ?//t l~f /4 t 9 /ft (;_/ :J'f j /, /J tJ lt1.t1 lt?o lo.'O /J / I ;7 tJ :f'/1 so /} 0 ,7 tlt? /7.t? l,?./7 /7 /J t-7 /} /} ;J_tJ t?t;J I} t:J 0 tJt? t:20 14i:? t:J t? t:J /J /J ,1 /} ,,,,, ? /} 2., 1?. ,/J./J f.Z .z 0 .t £/ IJ.O L./ ;, 2, 5 '/.c 12. f't? I} CJ t? '1 /J /J /} ./1(7 ,2, /) /2, /fLI ,?.,-7 llf.¢ 9 c? q 121.J "?-" h't I I} I /1. "2CJ /.t>, /J 0 /) /JC) /}/} tl.t:J 14/ ?I t.1.. l,t,., f.J.9 l,?t;J. ~.! IC/ .! .! ~f. 7 .5'0.S /Otl. ,1/_,,p, "AAA',!;,e 1/Et!t: ,._,,,,t:,t/!.. Number PerCenl Number PerCmt 1Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /) /J tl /)_,:J tl. t7 t2t1 /J ~ L. ,.,.,, 1-?-?.t, :!V 11 £J fl sa, ~CJ !,()_() / /J I 1/.I 14tl 11.I ? /? -? 1..-,-,,. /2 t7 !il2tl /J :f' .< /)/) f_t.J' g_n 17 /J ,-7 1/J/J d.t:? ,:10 /J /) /, • /J/) 40 I /1,,, tl /J LJ Ll/2 /:J.t:J /J.C) tJ /J ,:J 17.o /J.t:J /J /) t:J /J t7 t2& t:Jtl /J/1 ,7 ,-7 /J /J.O /J_ CJ ,1 IJ 0 0 t) /J/J tJ.t:J t!O tl tJ t7 1/1.0 IJ,/J /),/) I} t) tJ th:? ;_J.tJ /J_/J 0 /} /J ,., /) /JI) ,.,,,, tJ I} t7 (J.LJ tJ.tJ /J/J !I. 0 2,, 22.2. /JIJ 12.2 ,7 0 /J /J.t? tl.tJ tJ.O I 0 / t/./ /}/) I/./ ,; tJ fl' /(Jt!(J flt) la?. ✓ 5" 9 q'q.¢' 5£".t. IOt!.


=== Page 193 ===

,e-o,e ✓,,,,,- VEA,e, I Ft= 'R,,,,~v' V Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doublful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total ,ertlin 0-Ballaon tJ L7 I? atJ /J/J /}t} a 0 tl CM CUI tJ.O / I-Astronomical rJ (? 17 /}/} /J,/J /J,1 17 /J /} CUJ t),0 ().(!) I? 2-Aircraft 0 {/ 0 tJ,/J /J,t? ,?./J / ~ ? 2d.0 ~.o 60.0 / 3-Light Phenom.. tJ ;J 0 '? ✓ J /1/J /').17 /J cJ 0 cu; 0.0 o.o /J 4--Birds ;J /J Cl do /J./J 17tJ 17 ,7 /J t).() 0.0 t!UJ ..? S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. tl t? 0 /J/J /JtJ Cc? ,7 17 ,:J t?.0 a.o (1.0 0 6-lnsuffic. tnfo. 0 tl /J 17 /J /J,? /JcJ ,? Cl 0 tUJ tJ.tJ tUJ 0 1-PsydlDk>&ic:al 0 t:) 0 t20 tM /7.1'} 0 0 0 t)L} 0.0 ~t:) /J S.UMM.., I 0 I /PP.l acJ 1,,,,,,, / /J I ZIJ.D 0.0 Zd.t / !I-Other /J /J 0 /J.O tlr:J 00 I /J I :i!IJ.(J {).tJ 20.0 /J Total I 0 I IA?.I /J.0 lt?tJ. 5 ?, ~ (.ao ~.o ID(), " Milt/ /,, £ Number Percent Number Per Cort Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0-Balloon tl tJ t) CU) ao ~o tl LJ 0 tfJ.C, o.tJ t!).C} f;' l·Astrooomical t. /,) 2 3.?.3 o.o 333 /,) 0 0 t},0 ~o Cl.Ci I 2·Airaaft ~ /} z 3.7.3 d. 19 :?.7.3 f ~ .5 ~5 .25'. tl ltf,; H 3-Liat,l1'11010ffl. /J ,? 0 ().0 t:J.& (J,,:J tl tl 0 o.o t:7.0 ao Cl 4-Birds ,? 0 c:> (!).0 (J. 0 (:?,£! 0 0 0 t).O 0.1!/ ao I S.Clouds. Oust. etc. /J ,J t) ,:,,0 cJ.O ,:1,0 tJ 0 0 cu:: tJ.t) c,tJ LJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 0 0 tJ 0.0 o.o o.o Cl 0 0 ao ao tUJ 1 I-Psychological 0 0 CJ ao &J.0 (7.C 0 tl 0 0.0 o.o 0.0 17 8-Unknown 2.. ,? z 33.'3 o.o ?.?.3 ? tl 2 25:0 eJ.0 25-tJ /0 9-0tller CJ /J 0 Cl.CJ t).(J ~o ,? / I c,.O N.5 11,,; tJ Total (o CJ a, /()(J_o ?I,() ltJd. s ..3' l? ~2.5 .1'7.5 /iJ(J. 3Z S°£P-r1:.ua.,,-,- /JA7"~4&,> Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain 0-Balloon /J / ( C),!J 77 1.1 I t:? I ;ft),() t!).O ZtJ.t CJ !-Astronomical 11. I 3 1574 17 .ts.I /} /) 0 (J. t) o.O ao .,, 2-Aircraft ? I ¥- 21.I :t.7 Jtl.i I 0 I Zd.tJ d.0 201., / 3-Liehl Pbenom. /J 1J 0 t}.0 o.r:J ,UJ 17 /J 0 ao 0.0 t!),C) CJ 4-Birds ~ / I tJ.t} 17 17 tl 0 0 ao tJ.0 ~t) tJ S-Clouds, Oust, etc. /J tl tJ t).{? 0.C) o.o 0 0 CJ C),C, ao d.0 t7 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. / tl I 17 t}.0 11 ,? 0 0 tJ.O CJ.(!J ao I I-Psychological /J ,? 0 t).() t)t) t:?.O /] Cl 0 t:7.t) ,J.O ao 0 &-Unknown ? 0 3 2.1./ d.0 :2.J./ .J' tl 3 ~t!UJ o.o ,,ao tl 9-0ther 0 0 t) tJ.(!} (l.p t7. p CJ cJ 0 t).t) t:J_t} o.cJ /J Total 7 I/ Jg 1,P.2, .Jp.f /PO, s 0 s /i,Qt) (),0 /00. ·2 184 rH.,--,✓ -A•- ~- M"'Rt!N Number Percent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tl I /4.3 ,:;J,0 ';,/..3 I? tJ tJ,() cit? CU) 0 I !ef.l o.o /1/,3 /J t) t;J.0 t).{) tJ.O 6 3 I✓ .!.! o.o 9"./.j 17 0 tJ.O cUJ t).o 0 Cl t).t) C).t} O.tJ 0 CJ atJ C/0 CJ.O /7 I l/ ✓ .J' ao 11¢'.r / I 0.0 /Q../ /t/,J / 7 ;~5.:1 /;/..f Vt7tJ f,,,t. v Nulltler Per Cent Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total 2, 7 I/ I 4(¢' 1,c,5 0 I ~.2.. CU) 2.:2, /,? zz 2t,? -??,:2. iq',O / I o.o .2.:Z. ,2,:2, t!? / .2.2.. 0.0 2.2 ,? 0 o.O o.t:> ao t7 3 L.. 7 t:J.O L..7 /J CJ c>:t d,O o.o tl /0 221- tl.0 ?2.1. ,,, 0 0.0 ,:,.0 o.o /.3' 4-S 7/.I 21'> lt)tJ. , !.Vtl - A-A Nunt>er Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total c:J CJ ao t:J.O ao 2.. z o,t) 5().1? ,c'/! LJ I 25.tJ ao 1'25.tJ t7 CJ tf,0 O.{) o.o /J 0 t), {} 0.t'.? t).tJ a 0 {J,0 0.0 t:J.6 0 / ,25:P 0.0 t!i.P Cl CJ CU) t),{J tic9 /] CJ tUJ ~t) t},0 0 C) tJ.(} o.O ao z if f,/){) 5"t)t) ;oa _, ~-,, r- ...... At:7.A.;/'J,;"' A~"IL Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful tl / I o.o ff.5 17 17 0 o.t! CJ.0 /) / I tJ,0 i'.3 /} 17 t) (J, t:J ,:,.o t:) /J tJ o.o CU} /) L7 CJ O,D o.o !?_ /} z /L..1 C).0 t:? 0 t) C). () CJ,0 9' /7 K' M.. 1 tJ.0 tl 17 0 0.0 17.0 /0 z IZ <?113 /t.7 4u6. ~sr Number Per Corl Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful / ,/ s f/ 12.5 ? .J' 6 ~✓ ~~ 1 :t S" 9. ✓ t, . .J' 17 I I lr,.c:> ?I /} cJ 0 o.o ().0 /J 0 CJ CJ,0 o.tJ 41' LJ <,l. 12.5 tJ.tl 2.. 0 z L.5 CJ,0 9 t:? Cf .2i.l ().t:J CJ 0 CJ CJ.CJ 0.tJ e2 /0 32, d,7 .J'/..3 /JceEM,oc,e NumbeJ PerCml Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful / I z f..3 ~5 I I 2 3..3 f!.g f V ¥- J!,'.O .i'..1 ,,, /J Ci {7.C) (!).CJ 0 /} t7 0,0 C).0 ,? 0 CJ 0.0 o.o /] /J C) o.o o.t:J t:? Cl CJ rJ.() (J.tJ 2. t) 2 //. 7 CJ,{';, 2.. (? z /1..7 tlCJ 9 3 /Z '/<;,{) 15'.0 Tola! &'.3 a.o i'.S tit'.? 0.0 o.o IL7 LJ,(} U.7 t:}.CJ I~ Total l/5.L /1"R /5.7 .3'.I 0.0 0.0 l:t.5 tf,5 2i. I acJ I/ti.a Total Jl,.t, II I E.3 0,(J ao o.o o. o o.o ll..1 l~.'J 100. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 194 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation ~Balloon l•Astronamical 2-Aircrlft 3-LiptPh010m. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsaffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo&ical 8-Unkno.. ~ttie, Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Airmll 3-Li&hlPhOIOffl. 4-Birds 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psyct,,logical 8-Unknown 9--0l!ler Total Evalualioo ~Balloon l•Astronomical 2·Aircratt 4-Birds 6-lnsuffic. Into. 7-Psycllological 8-UnknolOI 9--0ther Total /,. lmmber Cer!Jin Doubtful / / ~ /) ? / 17 (J tJ 0 f) t:J / cJ ,, /J / t:J / /J r 2, &n,e t/ Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total fl. /,::/~ 1/tJ.tJ ttl.o ~ /(1/J ~(J tdtJ __? ttJ.IJ //)/) k?.O (J /1/J /J. ,, /1/J t? ,1,? ,,, /, /J.O 0 17/l /J /, ,o.,,; / 1/J,/J tJ.,:; 1/J.tl ,, (l.,;; /,1,'; ,,,_,,, I /tJ.(l /J /) /(J.t; I ''? /. ,?.t:J //).cl /cl (1/)I', ttJ.O /{J{). ,,,.,,,,,,r/ ✓5 ,::,,: ,.,£ "~- £°.& >;,,u>At/ , Number PerCecit ertain Doubtful Total Cellain Doulltful Total / t? /llt!t' /1_d 1/t?t? /1 / I t?.d /,11_ t' l/11,0 / /J I 1,,,,,, 120 1/t).,? /J ,::, 0 /J./, ,,, ,, tJ. () /J /J ,,, 12,/l ,,,, ,?/) /1 ~ 0 ().0 /J.,'} t1t? ~ ,, ~ tP.£ t).0 ~tJ (J /J ,,, ,?/l /!,/J ,,,.,, .? 0 .J' .f'/)/J /J.t:J J'/J.£ ~ /) 2. _2tJ_,; t?.,:J ?t1.P 9 I /0 ftJ.tl 1/,:::1,:J IIJtJ. 185 S.":T"</ p,-,,~ SEea,• ·~ -r,:;, &H/- ·- - - ~ AA~ •LJ L),e,,,.., Number Percent Number Per Cent pertain Doulltful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total / /J I'//./ /7_0 I//./ ~ t? 1' 7.1 /J 0 7.7 tJ /J tJ ,,,,,, /JC) V,l,' /J /) t? ,-?_tJ /JtJ ,1/J ? 11. q nt 22.2. #~ .,, ~ 'l l,,.L_9 7.7 J''/.1.. 0 /J 0 /?tJ /),-, i/'J.O /J (J (J /J. tJ tJ. tJ ao /J /J 0 t)./J ,., ,,., ;>/7_ / /) / J.lf /J.O .!.i' ,!J / I cJ.t:7 //. / //./ tJ 0 tJ /J_/1 0.0 tJ.o 0 t:J ,, /l_/J t:?.t? /!cJ f /J .? //,5 /J ,-; /15 0 /J t:J /J/J /J.n /1(? / 0 I f.Y cl.CJ 5'.Y 2. 0 ~ ~2.2 t:l.tJ 22.z ? tJ 9 .?¢~ /J.O J'f/.1,, /J / / "1/J 11. I //./ / /) / z ff /J. cl ,Zi? 5' ¢' ? 5;,.t,. ~;,IQ /pp, 2q z. 2~ f.2-1 '71 /(l(J.


=== Page 195 ===

17941-E AIR,,f £VAL(L.I/U/JAI t?F ,2,:f..1£47 06/lrhVGS: EtK ,£LL VE,f.ff llt2tteAV-tJA/ ,;:¥ Sf6HT(IV~ r. J '£ /A' ro "H. r vr. &.n# M/JAI "H. A& ~ 'A ,I> S. 7. '/R r/ AA,A/. -~ < JA,t,V.AA ✓/ ?&4 ,,,,,,. (/ / M.,, ~u ,d,;,,:,/t. ltlmbef PerC91I Number PerC91t Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Tolal erllin lloll>tful Total Certain lloulJllul Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ ~Ballooa / I !l 'f.7 ?::t I.!.£/ £, t? 1.. .!!it? IJ.t) .!5./) / / {!, //J_/1 //J/J .fl?/ ,(J ,(J /) /Jtl /)/J /J.tJ 1-Astmnomical .f 0 _;, 2g./ /) t!) 51.1.I I /,J I II~!> tl.tJ 11?.!i I CJ I $_/, IJ.0 1/J.tJ ~ t? .t l/5q 17/J IS:~ 2-Aircraft .z I .J' 154' 7.1 25,/ t1 ~ 1.. 0.0 ?,C:/J Z>tl / 2- ? 1/JIJ ~/J,~ ft!l'J .(I 0 4' ~i 1717 3'/1.S' Hi;,IPhlllOIII. /J 12 0 /J.,? /J.O tJ. C) /7 /) /) /7/} a/J l,?/7 0 17 /J tJ.t) t?.O /J.O 0 0 /J 1717 ,;J/J /JO 4-Birds ,, /] /J {?.t) d.,? 1,-,,., /J ,? /J tJ.,? ti/? /)/) 0 t? /J t?,/J 11 tJ /J/J /) /) /J /JA t?.Cl /1,/J 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ /7 /7 /) /J /} /J /J ,'}/) 0 ,7 t'1 Clt? tJ.l'J /)/) 0 t1 /) 11(} /J,/) /J/} /J 0 ,? Li,:l /J.O /)/} 6-lnsuffi~ Info. t7 CJ /J C)t) a,,; 1/Ji:7 0 0 /.J ao t2t) OtJ ,:J 0 0 ao C?/J tJ.tJ / 0 I 7.7 ,?n 7. ?' 7-PsydDlolical I CJ I "7.7 0./J ?::t CJ /7 /7 /J /J /1/) ,.,,.., 0 I? /7 -1,, ao ao /J 17 I} ,1/1 ao /l.O 1-l)llmo• J 0 ? 2£1 r?.0 U./ C) /7 /) 120 /}. /J /7.6 .J' 0 ...? ?/J./1 tJ.{) ft2t; ~ 0 t ~.2. /)/J ~.t 9-0llle< / tJ I '7. 7 /?. 0 ?.7 ? 0 ? ?'f6 "?,., n!i IJ / / aCl ,,,_/J ,.,,,, 17 CJ /7 ~/J -1" 0./J Total II '7, I.J' I~~ /!;:,r/ la?. 6 2, 9' '1,t;'(/1 IP5.P w 6 ✓ ,.,, ~tl L/tJtJ VtJtl /.3 0 /.J' /a;l/J t?.o /at}. M.t1 J,, ,& J,,t. </ 4v'6 >.r:r Number Percent Number Per Cent Nud)er ,. Per Cent Number PerCe>t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Ce~in Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerllin Doobtful Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubllul Total ~Balloon '/ t, 11.?£.9 ?:7 'is~/, ;/ 2, 9 2/J.6 5.! 2t.~ 5/J // ff, If.'& 1/J.S 2?.9 /'/ ltJ .f1 2/..! /2.5 J'J'.1 1-Asbunomical ? I .? 77 fR' 11/...,. 1.. t) !2. 5. 9 /}.JJ 59 5' 4 9 1<17 .?.7 JU' j' :2. 10 /tJ.tJ ~6" ,f?.5 2-Aircralt ? I <.I //.5 .?.f /5..! ¢ .? 1' I/.' fU 2t!~ /~ J1 2f /4.tJ ~s 2/.5 " ltJ 16 7. !> 12.5 2tl(J 3-Li&lilPhOIOII. ? () .J' //.5 otJ 1/.5 I 0 I 2.9 IJ.I) 2.9 .1' ~ ,,, 2.f /.9 14.'7 ? () .1 f..f ./}_/) ff 4-Birds /J /) tl 17.IJ 17. /} /1,? /J /] /7 A/1 /),., ,1/l tJ 0 tJ /1,/J 1).0 100 /J t:1 tJ /)/) /J.o /JtJ 5-Clouds, Du~ etc. I /J / j.,f ,1/J ~f 0 /7 tJ /JO 0.1) /J.,? /} /J /7 /7/1 ,1/7 /JA () I / /J,/J IS /.3 6-lnsuffic. .-ito. 2. tl Z, 7.7 .n/J ?.7 j' a 1, f>-9 t?/J 5.9 /.S- CJ /5" F/.t /'].(J v«o h ,:7 & 7..S- IJ.O 7.5 7-Psydloloaical /1 0 t1 ,1/J 00 12/J ('/ tJ 4" ~S' IJ.,O lf.K I l'7 I 0. 9 {).O tJ. 9 !l. tJ £ 2.5 l1cl 2.5 &.Unknolll I /) I J'..i' 120 .?.fl Q /J (j 2t.5 tJ.O 12t.5 /7 tJ / :t ,;,:-, 9 ao 1,;;9 I() C) /t) 12.5 /JIJ /2.5 9-0tller I z J' ?.f 7-7 11/.5° /J ,'7 /J /!/; ao /1_/] d / s £7 IJ.9 d.t 4 I 5 5:tJ /.3 £.3 T~ 2() ,t, 26 l7L.9 2.1.I /pa 49 ,< :-u Kt,.'l ,u.7 '1Pa i"I £~ I I/J'1' 1'5-~ 24.! la?. ~L. 2 ✓ A',') 7.A/J J'tJ.O /~ ' 5"£P1",!ii"-'A&'4 /J,-,-,r; ,,,,,~ 11/t:1,,." L, d e,e L}t;(!G ✓tA A Ei ~ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nud>er Per Cent Number PerCe>t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloll>tful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooubllul Total Certain ·Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubllul Total ~Balloon .7 I d 1.1.L. ✓,..,. 1/$'. I 17 ~ L. "l" J'f. J' .1.n £ f 5 9.5 /;/...! 2.1.S/ ~ / .7 11.s d, !l /~!, 1-AstJOnomical 17 11, 11, /}.I} ~I 9. I / 'I. .? 5.1. ti. I //..7 £. .5 ,;- ?.5' 14.J' :Jf.f .d / -< /1,.7 4..2. iM.9 2~Ai,craft I q' 5" ✓ .5 /ff. 2, 2.1.1 / I .t, 5:1, 5.t II 1. CJ j .? /J.t:) 1,/.J /4.I / ?. :, 4'.2- i'.3 1/?.G 3-liihtPh-. / I :2. ;,/5 d5 ?. tJ I I 1'. ,;;-_1,_ 5." /1.t I I ? . .t/.J< I/. If ft I /,) I £/.2.. /J./} 4. t. 4-Binls /,) v 0 IJ.L} tJ.t) /"JO /J. / I /J.17 5-I, 5.1.. LJ /,) /) /7/J 120 /}/) // L? CJ /J t) /7/J c?./J 5-Clouds, Du~ d~ /J /J tl '!" -1,., 17.0 /7 Cl ~ /?/1 ,.,. /) r]/) ,0 /7 /J /}/) /7/1 /J/7 tJ ,'7 0 /{/I /lt} ,.,,., 6-lnsuffi~ Info. 4. 0 .t ~I /)/) fl I CJ / 5".6 /J.IJ 5.,c, I /7 I II/.;' ~/} //.f ,t, tJ 2. S'.3 /7/J %.1 7-Psydlologicat ,? Cl cJ ,.,,,, .,,,,, -1,., /) Cl 0 1ao /,//J /J./1 ,0 /) Cl CJ.cl C:J.t? 00 / /J I ¢..2. /'2C1 «L ·~- 6 tJ /. 21. 3 t?./J 213 .J tJ .? 11/.. 7 0./1 /t,.7 ,:- eJ s- 2U ,JtJ 21.f ~ /J fl J'.U t).O .n..s 9-0tller I Cl I 14(5 t?.0 ,r/.5 tl 0 LJ ().,7 lltJ lltl 17 t) /) '1/J t2tJ tl.CJ / I? I 4-2.. /.l. t:1 l«.z Total /U $ -?? /.f.l. :~1..¢ ltltJ. 1' // If ~r., /./ I //1'1_ // ltl 4,/ 52.4 l,d,;tt /CJ,?. :20 q' ~q' i'l.3 //..1 1/t:>P. 186 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 196 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EYlluation 0-Ballaon 11-Astn,nomiCII 2•Aircraft 3-Li&ht Phenom. 4·Birds 5--Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-1...ffic. lnlo. 7-Psycllolopcal I-Unknown 9-0tlle, Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronoaical 2·Airaaft Hi8'ttPtuma1. 4-Birds S-Clouds. Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7•Psychological 8-Unknown S-Otber Total Evaluatton 0.Balloan !-Astronomical 2-Aircraft Hightl'tl..,.,. 4-Birds Hloud~ Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-P,ydlololical S-Unlolo... 9-0lher Total U.41.€. tJ tJ 0 :v / J(A.,,,, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total IJ IJ 0 /J.n 0./) IJ.0 tJ CJ tJ t?.0 0..0 lo.o /J /) /J oO "-~ /1/J 0 0 /J /J.t) /J,/J 'O.o 0 0 tJ /}/J /J.O ao I /} I ="./; /10 S/J.P /J /1 t? /J.O /?tJ /J.O 0 /J ·" ....,_,,, '10 /}/J 0 0 tJ tl.tJ 0.0 0.0 I 0 I --~P tJ. tJ !>/J.O 2,, 0 2, //]/J,i t?.0 /(70. JEPre! ,,_,,.,~,, Numbef Pe,Cem Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /) ~ 2. /J/J lf.'1 %.1 _? I d 11.f.tl ✓ .? ;~? $ ~ ✓ $. 7 g 1' 117.' .q 0 I / ,7/J 4.5' 4..1' / cJ I ¢..s An fl:.;> 0 0 tJ "!/- tJ.O O.tJ 2,.. Cl 2, 11,7 "?~ x'.7 / tJ I //.? /.J. r. ✓ .r ,, 0 7 J'tJ.~ /?/1 ?/1/J I 0 I 11./.1 tJ.O ,r/f /7 ,:. 4, 1719 2~./ lt't?. 2. tJ Jt,t,F Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dwbtlul £. 2- I .!1.,; If.!, ~ IJ ✓ 1!i.O /J.() 2. /) ,t,, 1?,5" /J,/J /) /J t? 0.0 /?/J (, ,? /J ,"J/J CJ.0 tJ tJ tJ 0.rJ ",., (J 0 v ao /J.O tJ 0 /} ao ao / 0 / l.t.J' /J /J / 0 I :£...J' tJ.0 ;</ 2, /I, l,J11, 112,6 /,),.,.,,,,, ei. Nu•r PerCmt Certain Domtful Total Cenain Doubtful .f / f' ftltJ ltJ. tJ I tJ I /tl.O /]/) /,) 0 /J An /!/J 0 /J L7 /)/7 tJ./J / /J / lt?.CI ao tl /) /7 ,?n t:J.O /) 0 tJ ,?.(J ✓ 7_0 0 /J /J ,? /, /J,O j' 0 .? J'P.t t?.0 /J I I 17/J /d.0 g- 2., /(? ~O.t :tatJ 187 t?r SC~t!£.Z:,j(LG J/u {/ 4P6urI Nuni>er Per Cent NumbeJ Per Cent Total (;e,tain Ooubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cenain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwbtlul T~ 5(7.p '/ f' // > ✓ .o fltl 22,C, t, ? 9 /t,.? rl.l 2</.! 2S.tJ /, // ltJ /£.tJ Jf.tl ~tl 7 £. 1.? l&'.9 //,.2. .s,::/ /2.5 ? 4 I, 4tl ~tJ ;20 1 / s 5:;/ 2. :1 ~I /J.t? I /J I fl.tl /J,/J !l.tJ /J / I ,I} /J ?.7 2.1' ao 0 0 tJ /J,/J /J,tJ I,?.,? t? ,? /J 4/J /J/J /,?/J /,IC) /) /J tJ /J.O /J.O /J.tJ /J 0 /1 /) 0 /JtJ (}.;J 0. tJ 4 0 ✓ ~o /? /J gt) / 0 / :2.7 /J.IJ 7.7 0. () I / t. f.tJ £0 dtJ 2. 0 t. ,;:/ ~/J 5-9' If,,.! p/ tJ //1' ?ft) O.tJ PliJ ,1, 0 /.. 11..1., /) /1 //, ..2 It,.! 2. 0 ,t,, dt? 0. () ,/.tJ t'7 2. ?. ',?./J ,;-_;,/ 5.4 ~P. ff If S-0 "fft? 1.(,.tJ /tJO. 2¢' 1.? ?7 (,t/9 .J'S.I '"'"? A/(JV§ AAA'.&"# /.)eee~, ,,,,:,,, Nuntier Per Cent Number Pe,Calt Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwbtlul T~ ~/. /J t'7 cJ ,7/7 /J/J /2/J ~ 0 tl tJ./J /J/7 ao //7_ C, f ~. ,, l2.1.1 /.<.4/ ,%5 I / ~ J'.1.5 n.f LL.I.. ....,_,., / /J I 77 tl./J 7.1' /J t) 0 /J/J ,?.O ~n /10 /J C1 0 /J,/J /J./J /1/J /J /J /J Cl.0 O.tl /.J.O /0,t:J /J /J /7 /] /1 /] /J /20 /) /J /7 /J /J /J. /J tJ.a IJ.O /J /J ,? l,?.O /!/J IJ.cJ ,? /J tJ t2t:J CJ.0 tJtJ ao ~ Cl .t, l/5:¢ IJ.n /S:F.J ;J /J /) /J. /) /7 /J /J,,, 0.CJ I ,? / 7.'1 IJ./J 7.-;? 0 t? /J /J/) IJ.O CJ.tJ !?/J tl J' 0 .? 2.7./ LJ.O '27.I 0 rJ /J 0.0 /J.t? Cl.CJ /tJ.p I ,? I '7'7 tJ./J -7.'7 / /] / u.~ t?/J J'.f.J //J{), // ~ IJ' ~.;(- ✓ ~ /!,,,/ /t)tl 2., / f /J.'1' f5.f /a,.


=== Page 197 ===

I 0/iLE 1112£ E/(19U/,£r//?/Z/ <?E O,fJE(!r .S/6/(T//I/GS Ec?~ /ILi f'EARS b Que,,9770/1/ t?E f/G67(,Y6 It: ,:::l ,rar VE :r. re r,2 1W. A&- .d;7 r,,,;7,q .//.,.,,/ ,!//Jr S7/J 'D jLJ •. ,,ip <I !=1= I ~t/Al?I/ ✓ MA,:et-( llf'IW. Mimbel PerCl!llt Number PerC"1t Number Per Cent - Per Cent Enluation Cemin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total c:;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0.Ballooo _,J /) 0 /l.O /J,/J /J.O J7 0 ~ II.I /J./J If. I ,? 0 J' f'. 6 IJ.O fl6 / I ~ ~-'1 f1 ![ // l•Astmnomical 6 r ,; l?'?'.1 ?1.1 1r,it7 Q. 6 /1 ??.2 J'.1.5 55:G 7 r ,~ Ptl.v 1,/ .J' ft/.1 ,:. ~ % /1,.2. ~d 2./,l 2-Aircrafl .2 0 2- f. I /l.O fl 2 I .J' //.I 5.1, :;~. 7 .J' ..Y I, ff. 6 Irt. l1'Z /4 0 t, /1,.2, /J.tJ /,f,,2, 3-LiaM Phenom. /} /) 0 11?.t) ,?./J /2 0 /} /) 17 n.n /J. /) "1/J /} /) /) n n /), /) /J,0 /) ,, n /J,/J ,,,., tJ.O 4--Birds /) n /J /J.O /},tJ tJ.O /. n 17 /J,/) /J, /) /J,/J {) /J /J /}/) /},/) /},/) I tJ I ,2.1 /J,/} ,2.7 ~Clouds, Dus~ etc. 0 /J 0 /}_ r: /J. /J I/J,0 tJ /J 0 /J./1 /1, /} ,..,,., /) ,., /] /J./7 /} /J /J, /J /.i .n 17 /J,/? /J./J /J./? 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. _,, /) 5' 11.-1 /), /) 1?1',1 I /J I 5:6 /J.O S:I, ,.,, /} ,~ if.I, /J.O 1f.6 /] /J IL. 3.tJ/ 1217 [i'.2.41 7-PsydDlo&ical u /) /] t).0 /J. /} IO.o 0 /J () 0.6 tJ-0 o.o /) tJ /} ().t) /)./) I». o I /} I 2-7 /JO ,2.7 1-Um<no• 2.. 0 :z 11/ tJ.o fl 2.. i> L. //, / /J./'> ,;. I I 0 I 2. 9 0.0 t.9 7 0 '/ /R. 9 /J.O Ii' J 9-0th.. 2.. /J 2 9/ /J.O 91 D 0 /) /J.t? /JO /J.O () .3 g t?.tJ %. I, '-' 0 0 t) CJ./] tJt) 0.0 Total 1'/ _,,,- :t:t 111' 1 :#-7 Voo I/ ,f /f 1&11 .!R'- 9 /t17. ~¢ // .1'£ t.Jf.t fl.{! IOP- .N' .J' !f '/ 91. f i'. I /a,. MAo ,liJNI: I, L:1 Au/.ulr Number Per Cent Number PeJCenl Nulmer PeJCent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0.Balloon .z.. D 2, 5: 9 l'J.tl 5.9 ;:, /} 6 /I:' ff ,;?.(} g:i ~{) 4 ?'1 /2.J 5.(, l/1' ~ 6' J' fl £..:1 4t? ta'? l·Astronomical /t} z J.2. 2f If 5. 9 155 ,,? I ?_/. /J, tJ 2.(, 9 ~ /~ .,:1,, .?.7 't;, .1 .:2... !, 1 2.1 ,{,. 7 U' 2-Aircnft j .y 1 fl.I II g 1tl.(, <Z / 5 1/P.,; .2.1.. 111. I '7 / /$ .15 /SO ?:¢ l?,?.u ,, '1' II. ft.(} ?.J' 2/.1 3-Li&litl'II..... /) I I ;1_17 29 2.9 /) 0 0 IC./'.J /J,O lo.o J' "' g /,9 /2/) ;.f .2. /) rt 2-f /J./) 2.7 4-Birds n I I tl.1? -2. 9 '7.9 D /J 0 /J./) /1./J Ir.lo / I 2, tJ.t, (fl.I, /.:2 /) t? I) 0,/J l?,tJ 0.0 ~Cloud~ Dus~ et~ f) 0 ,., tJ.t? lao 0.0 /) /) 0 /}./) 0./J l/lO / /) I tJ!, /7,n at. /) 0 17 tJ.O ,:J./J 0.0 ~c._lnfo. 6 0 t. /7.l /J.tJ rt;,:, ,~ /? /Z- 5/.L /2/1 S/.1. "'"' /) j',> 2/.t. /J.cJ 21,(, I? 0 /9 .t~J /7.b 25.S 7-Psychological 0 C, 17 17.v /,}_/) IOtJ L L? z <".5 /J.O ,;_g I 2, 5 at, I?. /.~ / ;J /if.~ o.n /3 8-Unknown 5 0 s- /~'7 l).O lt/7 //, 0 /() -?t. .1 /Jn l?t,.J .fo ,., .7tJ /g!, /]/) /Lb /9 0 /! 25: 1 t?-0 25'.1 9-0ther 0 0 /J ,1/l {?. tJ /)_/) .t... 0 4, ,;:J 0.0 5. g // /) // L.K /J,tJ ,._,;; $. / g 2-"' /.J' do Total £6 £ .}'</ Iv,-; 2£!5' /00 .1 ;t I .u f-,,q 2.t /(JtJ. /1£ .Yt? /(,1, lfu Ji'.5' l,M. !,f //,. 75 l7r_7 V.s /(J(J, <::__,l',EM1'el!. Ot:ro1J1:I!. AJ0·11e "'"Ell Ot:t:1:._,.,.,.,,e I Number P.. cen1 - Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0.Balloon (} I) I) n.fl /J /) n.o :? I .5 L.K 12 9.7 I ~ 1 .1.1, /!, i II§// / t7 I S.O n.n ;;:,:, I-Astronomical 6 J 9 I/-: g ?.9 !2.1.7 2_ t 9 L,-,; 1/.,/ 1t>.i 7 q' II liff.4 /{J.!t ti.9 L p S' //J_t) -5:tJ 25.v 2-Aircraft I I :2, 2-t 2.£. -<:2 2- z. ✓ L.,: t.5 If. tJ ,::- ~- '1 /f.2, >,3 /{,: 51 I ..? 'tltJ K.t? 15.tJ l-Li&litl'II010IIO. I? 0 0 t).O 0.0 0. 17 0 0 t? "<n /7,t) o.n /7 /7 /J 11,/. 0.t:J I /J.n // /7 /} /J.O /?./) t).O 4-Birds /, t? ,? /}./J /J. /? 00 0 ,t) t? n.n ao t).LJ /) 0 0 1:7.n l?,n o.n /? /'J /) /J, /) /J.O o.o ~Clouds, Dus~ etc. I? ,? ;J /J/J /J, /J 0.,., r, /J /) I'<!? at? IJ.O 0 0 /) /J./J /JO /J./J /? t7 /? ,, /J I). t) 0.D 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. q 0 9 21.'1 t?.O 217 {, 0 ,:, d . .d /}. tJ Jf.1/ .J' 0 ..5 '/9 tJ.O 7-Y 5" 0 ,. 15'.17 /)_LJ :Z!i.t, 7-Psychological / /] I -?.t. IJ.O ,f I, I CJ I ~2, /.lO f. 2, /) /) ,'7 &t) /20 0. r, / 0 I 5.0 /J,/) G:t? &-Unknown /0 0 //J 21,..1 /J.O tt.1 J? 0 x t!i.E /J.O 16.K .R' 0 I' .2/.t? /J.n 2/.t) :2. c? 2, /t:UJ /J_,-, JtJ.LJ 9-0ther 6 I 7' /!,CJ 2.,:, 11.f ¢' / 0 I 'f. 2, t).t? !2 ~ 0 1, 5.5 /?, 0 ,:;:.1 .7 CJ $ l/5./J /} /) ,.:.o Total 'ff < 3 x' lfL.9 /:J. 2, /t?tJ. 1-Z 9 .?I 1/. t7 21. I) /aJ 26 /1, .d LV,q f/./, Vt)p J&, 4 !liJ t(}.t? 2/}.tl /OP 188 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 198 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation ~Ballooo l-As1R1111lmical 2-Aircrafl Hi!htPh"10m. 4-"eirds >Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic. ~fo. 7-Psycholo&ial 1-Uokno• !I-Olhe, Total Evaluation ~BallOCMI l·A-ical 2-Aircraft 3-Litht Phenom. 4-Birds >Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psychologital 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation ~Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LiehtPtlenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-PsyCb>lo~cal 8-Unkno'MI '-Other Total Evaluatioa 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft Hi!htPh"10m. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-lnsuHic. alo. 7-Psycholo&ical 6-Uokno.. '-0th.. Total Certain /'C9 '741 /Kl /t /t? j l/.14 /.,. ??/ ,1/4 /0'7:Z, Certain /,( 1.J /:,' 0 Cl 0 j'.J ,/ .H, J' It .t Certain .! .,I ?I ,, /} /J /0 -f J.1 7' f7 Certain I I 0 (l /J 0 / ,? ..J' / 1 ;/.. L t/£,Ur Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful //0 '9/ '? /tfi5 '/. .1 ,.,t s t? /5"/ .11.;, I//, ff 1/J. t? ?/.II /.2, <I .•u/ 122 //, 9 9. .1 2/2. I I /7 fj I./ /.I ?.Z 2. /J v /d /J., /JJ /.t) t? a q 7 I.a Z ~~ 11.: t? t? t) /f,/ flt /<?.O Li .; 0 § .25 /./ /J."> 11: ,, :?. r, .?U iv.s tJ.tJ 2/. 6 ~ ;? /// ,;t, ?.I n..,. .;,_,: /2.., t:J U,.[ ;,11 'f't?.7 2U ltm ;/q 7 I I /'¥~ Number Pei Cent Number DoubtfuI Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful ~ U) IJ'..! /,:- tdf ~ I -? ·~ 9. t. 5:t ;qf f .2. '7_ 11 /II 1.< 112-1. ,.; I 0 0 /}/'} ,,., /J /.?n /} I ,,, 0 ,, , />- /J./) /J / tJ {J t? / />~ /J.IO I'] 0 0 ..1.1 ?1.14 /JO I.? ✓." 4 0 0 q .?. t) /}/) ?./, tJ / 0 ~I. :Jl.t. ,'//) 1tl. 17 () /J. 5 1.:Z. 1,:; ?.7 0 0 /.1 !.15 l?&.41 9.t, /()/)_ .1'/ '/ £V,9i..t/ATtt2&'. ,fr,/ Sf./~"'£ 4, ½e·• •5 Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful f " {t.0 1?-0 !4'.'o /J /J /t. 2.0 2- 7! 109 If. t. /J tJ 7R 9'? /IIJ /f.O 5.f3 /, /') / ..! /f o'7 :?.tJ ,, ,J /J tJ l.o, ,; t'?.C} 00 cJ ,,, I I .,,_,, t77 Q7 /} /J 0 10 ~-1 tl-0 a /) /J t? 1 ~fl ,?.,? //1 /J /J t) t./.f 2?.5 ao £11 {. /) I !1 4ft' tJ.7 !AG /J 0 50 1th ,;,:. tJ J'✓ .t? /OP. " I? /?S'CJ Number PerCEflt Number Doublful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0 I ~7 ,<?/] -1? /J / h 1 -17 r/L.2., ~n / ;? /) ol,,;,o /J /) I/J.O s ✓ /) 0 On ,?/J ,.,~ /J ,,, /J tJ C.t? /J.n /J./, /J /J /J 0 0./J /). /) 0. 0 /J t? 0 I '1.? 0.0 77 ~ CJ. c? /) ,-7,.,-:; a,,, /J.O /J L7 /) ..? '71/ /?_/<? • ?J? I -7 /? tl / -,;-, /J.o 7. '7 / /J ~ /.J' 5.i'f' l,h_:z. I 1o,?. /6 S' /4 /,f , / r✓ .f' /~,r~ PerC"1t Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total :ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 5 ,11 /J.O ~9 /t? /5' 25' 1/111 I/ii:.; ?L9 b .t, I _.?.6' /2.. d.7 /L. 2/.~ '7./ 2i:5 ;.; /% .NI Mfl. /9JJ ftt /9 ~5' g/j //_/, ~I. IUJ't 2. I.J! 1.1 1.1. b /J 6 I.;_ 6' ao ~.5' /.1 f /J<? 7.,c 5.t, 1/.,?,7 ~ f.L. ,?/1 ?.I. /J s ,; ao 5':9' S.4 /J 0 0 t?.t? t!?.t? CJ.CJ t? ,<?/, /J.t? ao /J / I t:J.t? /./ II {t t? f' 2-.? /1 n ?_j' 0 /Ji? /JO /) /J /7 t? 0 ,,,. o./2 /J./2 /J () t? t?.t:J /.1.t? ao .; lld1 0.0 1/J.1 7' t? / '7.5 ,::10 7',5 If tl If //,/J tlCJ /f.r, ,fl .?L. .1.t. .,.t. / /7 / /./ /.1.0 II 2.. 0 2. I Z ao /. 7 p It.I C?.o /£./ /I'? /J /0 /1'/.9 ,i,-, 1/L!,f sf t? JI 17. I} /J.o I ;f 9 /2, 1/.~ /J.tl /J/u rt. 2, d ?2. 2-2 ,;(fl .J' 0 .J /. '7 CJ-0 /.7 5't IRt.; /?,,:' 1100. .5z (// P:1 5£.9 ¢'¥-I /00. r1 1(,. 1/15 §',j I #.9 /a:) /~5/ /~;.2,. Per Cail Nmer PerC...t Numbef PerCmt Total Certain DoobtfuI Total ~ertain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ,:1/11? ?.J'. If.I ,;;, YtJ 2p:, I/.,? ff.9 l<','\2- 11119.? 4-.J' H9 //t} 55 1,5 1/i:?..? ">.Q I/" 2, 5'. %? 2.2- /Cl. 9 ,/14 /.Z.f 27P ///o 12.t. it.t I /J,? :J.2, :?.2 1d I I 'If, 1. ✓ /. I ':J.5 I /J.,1 :J.Z 2.2 ~ 2,. i (J.t, /J. 1. IJ.i /J tJ.tJ t?.O 1/J o ? ✓ 1 tJ.1 tJ.,j iJ.7 " f?J /).0 gJ /C t? &> ~.v' /JO "·" I n.t) 2.2. :Z.2. R 5 /.J t?.t ~" /.f !'1 J'7., /J. tJ ?:((} :22& t) !tt 22-~ /10 22.f; 0 ao CJ.0 t?o ~2. " /J 1 7.:2 /J.t. /n l.dL l.?4,' j /5'., 1/()v, 7/J .101 J()tl/ l:m.1 ~?.-f /OP. i2F d?L. VGffT//1/ b S El2-!' ALL V£ 4,es ,?,C nnJ,;,er P/J/',KET A/11/J ,AA FT /"'d-? / / 9-./'$' /9¢'ji Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cmt Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total tJ 120 0./J /)_/) tJ / / ldo' '7. I '1. I I t? I t. !? tJ.O L..Z t11 ,?,!) IJ. t, o.a a ~ 2, tJ.t? /4.J /'Ii /? 5 .J' ,? ,., /fl.., 11-1'1 tJ 0.,:; /)_,:; /} r, " I 6 J'5.? '7./ ld19 ,, / .J' /2-"' ,._·? lfi':'7 /J 1'20 l'J.u /J/J ,,, 0 .JJ tJ.tl t?.t:? l&.O /J 0 /) I tl.t? />n /?. /) /J /J.t: /J./J /J.t? ,, /J Cl IJ.r1 /J.O t?.o /J /7 /J /)/'} /Jn ~- IJ /)/J /20 JJ.O /) 0 t:J /J.O C//J ao 0 0 t? /J./1 /) /') /J /') /J /20 ti.{) /} /, I 0 I '1 / ,?.,:; -TI !?. /) Z, 12.5' /J_l'J /'1.~ /J ,?,~ tJ.o 11.0 /, 0 tJ .O.tl /<?./J 0.0 I a I .I..Z. /),., /..2.. {. //)~/ /J./J //J/J,o .5' c? .f 214 tJ.(J :!M t 0 t. 1'75 /J.o H.,: /} /J./J /)& C).() I /J I 11 0.CJ 7. I /J /J /J CJ._,:) /J.{7 ,.,_,., t //]/)/ IJ.t) l/17/J. /0 d 1<1 'V.4 2&'.t /m,_ /Z ✓ /b '1,t;_,; 25.~ //}/} /?5'/ 1,;5_?~ PerCEflt Number , Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I /J/J 4.f? ~x I _L 2, I .J 1.1 2.t / l,/.Ji' /J /J dR ? . .£ 7 ~-t. I..< 9.1 -y 2U ;<?.o ,/2.f '/ I _t:2, J/ //.? n, l</t1.J' 0 /] /' CJ. 0 /J. /} 2.- / J' '?. t /..J ft? /) /J /, 01:J 0.0 C a o l&tJ t?.O 0.() /J /J.Cl /J. /) /'Jn t} I' I IJ.O /· J' /.1 ~ f. s- /7,, f' 5' ¢ /J ,I 5-2. /J.tJ 5.Z t? t?.O /? 0 0.0 tf, /? t. 1'1.t (l.t) :tf' -7 .J'f.~ ,:;J./J ?.J'J /,1" /) IS 2-?4' tJ.tJ 2/1, / I-✓-~ "<~ l ✓..f d / 5 5:2 /.3 t.5 .2/ I~ .t 2.1.S l/tJtJ .;/.; ..fl '17 5f.J 14-'?'J' 1/IJO. 189 •


=== Page 199 ===

TIIBU Alt% ll'/ <, .,,,,,,. o,c /J~ IF,./ MEr,;;:t:J.e /7"' //JAJET Jlu //=..,~$ /,!J,r/.,r / /I?, Ill' Jmmber PerCmt Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number E'lllutioo Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ettain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ~rtan Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlain Ooobtlul 0-Balloon ✓ /} ✓ L/? /]/] •h /J /) tJ /},? /JO t?.tJ /) /) t1 0,/) tJ_ tJ ,u, t? CJ 1-Astronocnical //x -?.::: ?'.J' ~/. I 2/../, 77.,; £, 17 2. ,,,,., ,?_ 17 //'~ K R /J' .?/.2 .C:/1.~ %1..t. ,:,__ !, 2•Aircraft !Z,, :2, d 2.1 2./ ./? 1J /] tJ /}JJ /} /] tJ,/J 0 17 /J /J_/J /.lo tJ.o CJ 0 3-Ligt,ll'II"""- 0 I I t?o /. / /./ ,') 0 tJ t?. tJ o.a /}/1 t? t? 17 tl.t? 'l /7 tJ /J /J 0 4•8irds tJ / I /J /J /./ I./. /J /J tJ /7.t? /7. /] t?. CJ tJ /J 0 tJt} t).O ,7,0 /] / 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 0 I I tJtJ /. I I. I tJ /J t7 /?.LJ ,2/J /}_ t1 t1 0 0 ,in /J.O /J.tJ /} CJ 6-lnsuffic. ~fo. ? 0 2- 2./ ,.,,, 2.1 /J /] tJ '?,, a,:; ,1 /1 /7 /J /7 CJ.{) /J.0 /J/J /J C 7-Psyc:llololical /J /7 0 t?.t. /}/, 0.tJ 17 ,? tJ /26 /?. /, Cl.CJ /J CJ tJ tJ.O tJ.O • '1"' t? I? 1-UMm• !l 0 !l ~~ /J.O ?.5 IJ tJ tJ /?.O /J.tJ 0.0 J' CJ j ltR..8' tJ.tl Vi.'&' t'J 0 9-0lhe, /7 /J CJ tJ. 1) tJ. t1 0/ t1 17 tJ .,,,.., /7.,, /1..,., /) 0 /J /J./J t). CJ n./J t1 /] i Total "✓ 5tJ q.J t,f I .J'/. 9 /CJO. ?, /] ~ ,?CJJ t?.CJ /CJt}. f !l It 5ao S?).CJ It» ~ ? /tJSCJ /yS'/ /~ S;!., Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntler/ Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain 0OllbtfuI Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doimtlul Tolal Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certin Doubtfu 0-Ballooo / IJ I t;;?,; /J.tJ sao ;J 0 t? /J/J 11.d tJtJ J tJ .f E/, 7 at? L/.7 1-A-ical / 0 I §atJ tJtJ 5'0(1 I I ?. 5L? r, 5'0.tJ /'°'11 .J'7 // 4¥ 57'!1 11. t ! 7'5.0 2-Aircraft /J /J /;7 /}/) tJ./J IJI} /J CJ 0 tJ.tJ /J, tJ /)/} ~ 2. ✓ .f I ..Y. I L2 3-Li&flt Phenom. 0 0 0 tl./J f'?/7 ,?/J 0 /J /J /7/J O.t? /) /) ,? / / /) /} /.6 /.t 4-Birds CJ t? /) ,1/J t2!J /J.t} 0 0 /J tM IJ.t} IJ1.d /J /J 0 /7. t? /7.1) Cl. t) 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 0 t:7 /) /1/2 /J/} /JO /J n /J /)/, 120 /JO /J / I at? /.t. /.{. 6-lnsuffic.blro. /J 0 t1 /}_tJ &tJ /Jo /) t7 0 n/J tUJ 00 ? 0 2. .?_/ tJ_/) 11 7-Psycbological t? n 0 'ao tJ. CJ /1/1 /, /7 t1 /J /J /)/1 OtJ /) C7 t? 00 tJ.O tJ. t) 8-Unkno'MI 0 a /7 /7./J tJ.e? /1/1 tJ 0 t1 /J/J /J. tJ /1tJ ,;- /J s N' /7. /J ?.~ 9-0the, /J /J 0 /}/) /J, /) '1" 0 0 0 /J/J tJ.tJ /7. tJ 0 c7 t? /7,., tJ. o 0. 0 Toi~ 2, tJ 2.- /tJ(1t, tJ.tJ lt?tJ / I z ,tl.t. 50. tJ JN) d1; 15' w 17'£,L .1.1'.fi ,,,,, -CML/f Af,z9 £//At, fl/ZOl2dl Or &LL. S«;H04/G 5 ALL llV S,UJd.t: /7C ,?O 'Et'.T Lc/1/rll't/L .,,,- t!CJI/I/ • .4 ,.,,., Au Ve,1,e.s ,t7,/f I /4c/% , Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Hunter PerCmt Num~r Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu 0-Balloon 29 ,:; 7,/ lt'.11 .J'• .Z. .2/. t. Cl 0 C7 ~/J tUJ IJ.tl !?_ / 3 ID. 9. I 21,J ,f tl I-Astronomical ,d /(/ ?ff rl~ ~t; l;(J 0 / / f2!) flJ ,ft ¢' CJ d 1,_,, /J.o Jt.t/ 0 ~ 2-Aircraft /7 /t:, fJ' 1/).il 10.I ~9 /J 0 0 /J/J /]/) /JIJ 6 /J /7 /J. /J /)_() &o CJ .,< 3-Lightl'lln>m. 0 I I n,, 0. {. CJ.{. 0 t7 tJ tJ.IJ ,?/} l}tJ tJ L? tJ tJ_ {) t)O l)O /] tJ 4-Bilds / I z tJ.I. tJ.(, /.:2. '" /7 0 ,,,.,, ,1.tJ ,,,,, I /] I 91 /}_I) {l,/ /J /J 5-Clouds, Oust, et~ tl ;,I ,/ /7/) ?. !, .1!> /J tl t? /J./J 1'?/J /Jcl IJ t? 17 /J./) 0,() t)_() /J ,? 6-lnsuffic. Into. /5 0 /!, f.5 () /) 9.5 d /J. d J'.!.1 tl.t? JJ'.J' /7 .,, 17 tJ.o tJ.o CI.O ,,; t:7 7-P,ycbolo~cal d tJ ✓ ?.!: 17.0 2.5 17 0 t1 t'l.t? ,11) tJ.tJ /] /J t1 ~,, tJ. () /J.() .,, 17 a-u-... j2., 0 .?Z, 2tJ.1 0. 0 2tJ.1 5 0 ,; lw.1 &.tJ I-?-% ;t ?. 0 ;1, If. t, tJ_t} d.t t) 0 9-0ther d / 5 ?.5' /J.t .J' I 2.. 0 z. IL. 7 cl. tJ /L"J' I cJ I u ~/1 9,/ /] 17 Total flt Q? 1,;R 'ff,; 2t.t ""'· /I I /:Z, 1?17 ff.j' /tla It? / // 'i'tJ.9 f.l /CJ(). ~ 7 /"~/,? /Y'S/ /~ ~2,, - Per Cent Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Ooobtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certin Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlain Ooobtlul 0-BallOOII .t.. / 1 It. 1 Jf.1 t~o ,, t1 2., ;/~/, t?.n l<".f.L ;,r ;, /ff /D_ 9 .2t? 11. 9 I-Astronomical /J :2., £ 1'717 lt-7 //..7 0 t, .1-- /}_/) 21'.I. 2.f.t /Cl 7 17 9. 9 l,..t; ti..x 2-Aircrift ? /'.J .J' ?5.6 //-" 25:IJ I'? c? 17 /J./) t?- () /J.O /Q I/ ?5" I/ 9 10_' 9 Nx 3-Ligt,t Phenom. /J // t1 /J.,,J 17.;J tJ.tJ t? CJ tJ o.n /) 1' /J.O tJ I I /J.C. /. t1 /.O 4•8irds 0 0 ,? tJ.tJ ,1/J /JtJ 0 0 0 tJ.17 /},/) /J.O 17 / / J1,? /.0 /. tJ 5-Clouds, Dust, et~ 0 n a l/7,tJ ,,, /} /JO 17 .,, 0 170 /J.O ,? n 0 ✓ (/ ,,,.,, Q,t) ,:/17 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. / () I f{J' /}17 ~J' .?, /7 2- 2;:, IJ.O 191. ,r 0 I" N /JO ;1.f 7-Psydlolo&icat 0 CJ tJ /,l/J 17.17 Otl /7 17 tJ tJ_{) t?.O o.o / tJ ,;/ d.tJ £lo 4'.o 1-Untmo.. .J' 0 .7 2517 dtJ :t5.tJ / /J / ,./_j /1 tJ ;~/_j' 2/ 0 2./ 1-?IJ ll /7.0 ~ti.I 9-Qthe, 0 c? 0 /2r, c?tJ o,:;J ~ l'7 0 d.17 17.17 17.0 / / ~ /_ /7 /. t) 2.0 Total 9 .J' /z, 11.s:'tJ 25".0 ,?t,1 5' z '/ 11<1 2f'.t mt). 15 .u /0/ 11'.t.a 2'f.1 /t)t) 190 • /4,,:/f' Per Cent Total Certain Doubllul t1 tl,tJ /7,/J 1 2~0 (,.t_~ 0 /}_/) tJ.tJ tJ ,?/7 17/) / A/1 12.£> 0 /}/) /J.tJ /7 /2tJ /}_/7 t1 /7,0 ,., /7 t1 IJ.tJ /J./J t1 ,?tJ /J CJ S? 25tJ ;/5:tJ PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful TE/1P""'-"~ ,~r:/fl PerC81t Total Cerlain Doubtful $' 6.f..1 /J.O :z, ao 1/f..J' .,- 0.0 ?1.f /) ~,, "2 t1 /J /J./1 C. /'.J /} t:?.CJ 0./7 /J ~/) 0. t:) CJ 0.CJ 0/'.J cJ &.o /J. CJ tJ ~,., 0. t) /S- !>.£3 4i.7 Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ at? %'1.5 t2tJ /ltJ it.£, "1.0 /2tJ tJ./J /Jtl o.tJ /CJa Total Tolll 5$1 I.?. .1 '<?:! a.o /J.O 0.0 0.0 /J /) /J.O o.o /t?t). Tola - I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 200 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i E'llluation ~Balloon l•Ast1UJ10mical 2•Aircraft, 3-Li&hlPheoom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffi~lnlo. 7-Psydllllolical I-Unknown 9-0the, Total Evaluation ~Balloon l•AsburNmlical !·Aircraft Hight Pheoom. 4-,Birds HloudS. Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological &-Unknown 9-0ther Tot~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical ?·Aircraft Hight Ph-. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ •k 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. 7•Psycholoeical 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2•Aircraft 3-LightPham. 4•Birds 5-Clouds. Dust. etc. 6-insuffi~ ~ID- l•PsydlOloeical 8-tinldlown 9-0lhe< Total ,h.L Uc,M•~ Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .f .5' (, /.7 /.., j.¢ £7 ,g';f' IP, I~~ 25'..f f;'/,1 ,; ,,., 2.9 /tJ. 9 S.7 It.. t. I I} I It?,.: /1,/J tU. /J / I ~/) ,,,_ ti.I. (J /1 tJ /J.tJ tJ. /J /Jt) -? ,? .3 (-J /,l(J /. 7 2.. /) 2. ,. I tJ./J I./ /I< 0 /$ /n_f /J.n /().j' % 5 /? 4. 6 ,t,9 -:(5" Ill ~.! 111 I.C_/.~ .?£.2 l/t>d. /1517 Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu I Total /) 17 /J /J/1 ,? /J /J.CJ // .? /,/ IL4'7 /'/ I., li't.J ? 0 .t. ;;,g 1'7.tJ //.! CJ ,,., 0 /J 17 ///J ,J,CJ 0 0 /J /J/J l'7. /J ao /) 0 /J /J_/J ,7, /J /J, /J CJ /) 17 /7./J /}_/,J 0.CJ (J /7 (J r1.t? /J, J? 00 I 0 / 5:? 4cJ 5-f !} tJ 17 ,f?tJ tJ.v aCJ 1¥ g 11 Iii.~ 1,7.t, v.112 1JltfL£ ,4/,l/ .I'/'/ 4LL 1/~bRS Number PerCeot Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .J',',1 /I 5.J' 110 ✓ s:~ /1..:Z ✓ 1 :t,i ~/ /.!./ t:.. 2/? :ltJ 5.? 7£ //. 9 IOI 22.P ;,; ,/ s /. t, /2,. 2-4' :z_ 2,, 4 /'J L /1 /. /.Z ✓ !I 7 ,:?. a? .3./ 2.6' /] 25 'f.t tJ.tJ f.t. ' 0 ,: / f? tJ,tJ Ii l.,t, tJ t,? ftJ.t. tJ.tJ 2tJ.2 K 7 /5 2.d ?,/ ds 211 ft. S2"1 7/Jt, :Zf!✓ /tJtl. /v.50 tmmber Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 7' ~ 9 11...7 ✓ i' 2/,5 ·4 .J' 1 9.5' '7.I II...? f' ,< /l 119. tJ //.? .Ytl.9 0 0 0 ,?./J /J/J /JtJ tJ t? 0 /)/) A/1 /1/J /./ /J "'0/7 /),? tlt? 5" /) ,;- If.? /JO //. 9 ,;; tJ {J ,,o ao 'tJ.O ,.- tJ < //. 9 /'.le? //.9 ,? .5 j' /Jt} '7./ ~/ j_fi /3 d!!- ~fl) .?It? /(70. /,;,,/7' Number PerCeot ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total / /J I j'f.J /Jt? J'f.! ~- /J 2, /. ✓-, 7 4.17 U.J tJ /J I} ,:J./J /J/} /J.O /) /J tJ ,?.tJ t?.t? (?.,:) 0 0 /J /J/J /2tJ /?/'. /J /J ,., /Jt) /JI) ,:?.r,, 0 ,tl 0 /?tJ dt? ao t? 0 ,., /1/) dv t!?.tJ 0 /1 0 /J/J /,/_/J tfJt? t? /J 17 40 /20 at? .J' Cl s !Wt tJt? /vi?. /95'/ Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Ceftain Doobtful Total ,? /J t? .l?t? l?.1? /1;:;1 / <' ✓ //b ✓ 1.9 ,;f j_ / /J I 1,,/.j' tJ.O /(/~ 6 /J "' 11.0 17 t? t:/r1 0 /J tJ /}_cJ tJ.tJ tJ.cJ /J /J /J ,?{J c?.o tJ.tJ /? /J /J atJ ao t),:? r1 0 0 ,,, /) t?.(} 1'20 :z.. 0 :t. I-?<?,; l?.cJ 21'.t 0 0 /? IJ.tJ t2tJ tJ.o ✓ .J' ?' ~f.l 42.9 /,:J(). tJr- S/U1p,t: OP /Jo l,GtJ.T /(/~/7 Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Owbtful Total ;J 0 /.1 /JO ao /J/J 3 ? ~ fl. 9 2/U -Y/.5 r1 0 /J tl.tJ ,?/} /1/J cl 0 0 tP.tJ at? tJ.O /) /J ,? ,.,,, tJ./J (?.t) 0 t) /7 tJ.o tJtJ tJ.tJ /) /'} tJ /J/J /J.O ao /) /J t? /JO ✓?_n (l.t? 2. tJ ~ !lf?.t. /}_tJ n.1.. /) /J ,:J /J/J /J.(? /1(? 5' 2., ~ 1'/4' 21, /OP- ,95/ Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total f ,:J 3 IU OJJ /f.t, / .J fl ✓ .5" l£t di d / ~d2 ,/.,. 221 /J /J t7 l]t) t?o ,?/) /J Cl tJ /J.t) tl./7 /l,/.J t? /J t:J /J./1 /J.O t?.CJ ?. tJ g f./ ,?/1 Y. I /7 t? t? ao tJO tJ_ tJ L: tJ t ?/J 'l/1 2-a ,?, t? 2. I?/ /J.IJ 9/ /$ ,t/ ?2, l.f/.i" 1ft IP(). 191 / /f,qf /t?,'/? Number PerCetll Number PerCeot eftain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Ceftain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ /J 17 /J /JI) /J.t) /J./, tJ t7 t? /Jt? /J.tJ 4t? 7' ✓ /I 14/2 :tJ'.5 t¥. ff ,t1 .5'5 110 5'f.// 7f/'',- /J I I tJ.o 59 S.9 LI I 5' 11;; :11 /t1. .. /J 0 /J /J. tJ IJ. /) o.o /J 17 /J /2/7 4,:? 111?' c? ,,., tJ /J_t? /J.t? /J / /J /) /7 '? A ,?/J /JC /) /J /J t?tJ /J.,? t?_,: /J /] t? /Jt:J at? IL?t? 0 0 LJ 4.0 /l /) /J.t) :1. ,., ~ 4(3 ~.? ✓. J' /J 0 t? a,r, tJ.o t).n 0 0 tJ /?t? 17/J 40 / 0 / sf IJ.0 5:? 5 /J 5 /tJ./,- LJ,:J /Cit. 0 ./ LI /) ,r, :2?.~ :tf.5 /7 /J /J /)/) ,.,,., /Jc? $' ? /7 l./..1 I 52.? 1/tJ,?. /f ~i' ✓7 4',M' 5f.6 /'70. /! '5.Z Nun>er Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain Doobtful T~ :? j 5 2.4 _?. ,t t,. CJ 2R 7' .?5 ff.7 11.✓ ¥:t.t. /.2, % £0 14(5 f.t, 2'11 I r1 / /. ?, ,:J.CJ /, :z. /J I I /J /J /, 2,, /.Z tJ n /? tl-t:J t?.t? ,:J,/J / /J / /.:1 ✓ t7. CJ /-~ :1. 0 :t. :!J/ ao 2.f,' ,; 0 9 /,? !l CJ.,::? lltU !l I 9 fl., /. 2., /tJ.f ts :Zt7 11.f 1.,-c9 2¥-1 //1<? FM .4£L /?T/.1&,t> SH,A >&s / / ~✓ g /90 Nuni>er PerCeot Number PerCeot ertain Boubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certin Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total 2, tJ :Z. f.l /11? 9.1 I .J' Q ? ✓ '7. / f.5 ?, .3 59./ /ft 2'7. 7 /? ✓ // ..1/.0 ~5 -4',?.t, I .J' ,/ 14-'5" /.?.? 1-?.2 5" :z. 7' //,? ✓ .11 /t. 7 /J / I /lt:J ,,/,; L(,< 0 /J t? '? /J /1.,:7 /J/J / / :z.. ✓ ..:: 14.'G" ~t? CJ /J I? 0.t:J /J/J t20 ,? tJ t? I "'1tJ tJ.0 tJ.C? 0 Cl /7 lltJ tJ.tJ LIO 4' 0 ¥" 11:Z tJ.tl /~2 5 C? ,; //.9 ,fl,O //9 /) 0 cl t7.L7 ao L7.L7 tJ 0 0 Ll.CJ /?/J acJ P.. {J z fl t?.O fl./ f? t:J I? l~O /7 ,:J IP.CJ /] -?.. L. 40 ?I Q./ I 0 I :1.Q 17,t) :f.// /2, /cJ 2Z !,;-.,/6 l-~5 /a/ !I ? ✓ :z '7'£? 2./.,/ la?. /<J52,, Number Per Cent Number PerCeol ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 21 /,/ 1,;- //J.9 7.1 1Lt ?/J /f Jj /ti.~ 1...£ ,11 .ZI n, u.1' ltJ.9 I//.<!> t'2.9 // f 1 2.1 /. t ?'7 / I ,2, tJ_~ 17.~ /.t:J LI j 1 2../ /.o, 3.7 ,, /7 1 //.'f /)./J f{7 .. /J t .1'/ /}_t) .?I .t/J 0 d.? .fVI th:J 22-'I ,, ?, 7 ? ' /.tJ ..J'.t l.!4 5! lfZ t9.S .!oi /tJQ.


=== Page 201 ===

,1/~L '',,-,!JbS /tf</7 , ,.,_ PerCmt NUlllber Per Cent Enluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Bollaon J'J' ,:/2 ?f t/f' §:/ u I tJ I 5Z t?tJ I-Astronomical /.I/ 6f IN /t,J J{t) 24-1 /.J I /Q l-0:9 f.Z 2-Aircrift 7-S- 5'! IJ .J I.I, ?.4' l't~ / I 1, ..f.:2- t..Z 3-LiptPtlenom. 9 0 , 1./ /J(l II 0 /) ,? t?tl 4t7 4•Birds L I 7 17 f' d.l /J. <1 I? 0 ~ /Jt? t?tJ $-Clouds, Dus~ elc. ,;- 0 5 tU, /J/J t:J.b 0 0 /J /Jn /1/J &-lnsuffic. Into. /t:)9 t:J ;t:79 ,.,_, -?" It. 9 // 0 ,/ 111.f/ ,117 7-Psydlolo&ical 2., 2.. ;/ ltl! ,? :I /U, I 0 / f.Z at? .___ /9/ 0 /y/ fK{I /}.A 2¥-¢ (, 0 I. 1,.., ✓, tlO ~tlrer 4'f II 5"<1 -<:5" ;q 1..9 ..? 0 .1 t/1 tl.tJ I Total l, ✓19 /71: ,;-lfn 1h L2! /a! 2.9 fl, .?/ lff.5 t.5 /95t? /95'/ Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtllrl 0-Blllooa ✓ ,; &, ✓ -7 u' 11 /J :t, 2, 4 ✓? .1.1, 1-A-ical 19 4' 23 11.! ~7 21.ll /? (, ;,( 2/.S /~9 1-Airtraft // R /9 11.9 9.g tt ..7 2.- 2, ,t/ .U ft 3-Li&htl'llfnam. /J t? tJ ,-1.0 /J.O 00 .2.. CJ 2, ~I, /JtJ 4-Birds t) I) tJ /J./1 /J.O /?.1) tJ CJ t? tl.O 0.0 ~Cloud~ Dus~ etc. t? /J /} 0/J 011 IJtJ /) 0 /J ~,., tJ.O 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. t; 0 9 ///.(, tJ.tJ /tl.t 4 t7 ,t/ u 0. tJ 7-Psycholo1ical 0 tJ tl IJ./} /J./) O.IJ / 0 / 1.t ,fltJ 8-Unkno111 1..:J 0 n 1.1.I ,.,,,, 211 /lj 0 If 2</5 O.tJ ~l!ler ,, z, ,:;- f.5 tJ.I ~9 's- L) 5' ?./ o.tJ Total ., r /t 'I, 191-~ di I/IJO. -'/5 /tJ ,:;-,;- !/.I Jf.1. 192 / /?, ,:;,- Number Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful f.2. .J' ? I. ?,Q' P.4' //£/ .z 41 " I!..! /t.5 I,.¢ 4 ,:J ✓ /2.5 tl.tl I "20 3'_ /J ?_ t..f t?.O ao t? I I do 1/ 1'20 ,,, ,, /? tl.t? ,?./J JJ.f/ 7 /J 1 21.9 at1 f.2. /J 0 0 t;1./J tl./J /!.¢ (, 0 I, /ff t?O f.7 ,:J 0 0 t:?.t? t?-t:J /00. ,2(/ R '12 I ,;-.c,:, 250 19'5"2. Nun>er PerCerl Total ertain Doublful Total Certain Doubtful .?.t ,,,,, 5'J ~j 1..£ 1..I Jt.7 51 $2- ,t,;- /tJ.9 ✓ .5 12 !itJ Q~ Sf /tJ5 /{tJ f.t ,, t7 5 /.tl. tl.t:7 0.0 (, 0 I, /:2, 00 ao ✓- tJ ,< /./J /?.t) '7S 'f7 0 'f7 l/~li' OCJ /.f 17 ~ 2, /1.tJ /J.u Jt/5 /.Jf 0 /.I/ 2t.9 /7.tJ y_ f ~5 9 .?~ 5./ /.f It?~ :1t1.. /(),( ~$1 I 'ff.ti 21." Total Certain I/LK t? llf.f .f.t vu; 1 l,.f /, 1/ n nn tJ 21.9 ;' o.p /J It'.! (, ao ,, /t)t)_ t.tJ Total Celtllia HP 15.<I /~f /.ll /.2, 1tJ l!f:I ,?.q 11,J 1..9 VtJO. /?~,P Number Per Cert Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful 0 tJ /7.t? ,?. tJ ~L 5.t' .J✓ .o 'J?.7 R /!, '/.Q" JZ5 I? CJ t1.0 "7.t? /J 0 /J./7 /J.0 t? 0 /?.t? LJ. Cl 0 t ~G Cl.CJ 0 0 ✓1.t? t?-0 0 I, £.(/ ,?.,:J CJ 7 ~LI ,?.t? .?fl N' t,f.fl _%.Z Number PerCerl Doublfu Total Certain Doobllul Total LJ.O /./.7 /5 9 t:1-0 l?.t? (?.O f<.5 'o.t? /,,.s/ 7. LI /ti?. Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 202 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enluation l).S,lloon II-Astronomical 2•Ai,craft J.liat>t Phenom. 4•Birds Hlouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psydlllo&ical l,tJnknown ~111.. Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft l-Li&flt Phenom. I-Birds ~Clouds. Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffit.lnfo. 7-Psychological &-Unknown 9-0lller I Tot~ I Evaluation 0.Balloon 1-Astnmomical 2•Aircraft 3-LightPhenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unkno"' 9-0ther Tot~ Evaluation 0.Balloon I-Astronomical 2•A1maft 3-LightPh«IOm. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic. -.to. 7-Psydlllo&ical 11-llnlulo.., ~111.. Total EvAL 1/Ar;LJI// tJE //,1//r OGlfTIAIGS Y€d£S .QV SH""'' t?F /1,tl. ~1-r ELL .. Au ~ C,1£'S /'IL/-;? /~df /4dll - Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Pei Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota /27 ff9 tit //J.-? r.s /<? t ~ t) ,, e" tP.O ~~ 1' $ /!> ,,,_ / 11.t, 217 ✓ 2,. t .I/.. /.ff ,r:q /:!,I) 122- 272 /2.1, /tl..r 22.9 lj ,/ 1.1 111..1 :(7 250 /,2,. /" :t.'7 1:7. <I :2/.7' 1~ / t; d..1 ,,-.z, ,</7 ..1r.✓ ///n /.f,I? 1/K 2,:,r; If 9 ~p V.3 / / :Z, 1.4 1.() 5-f f, /J 6 j'. '7 t?.t:J Jr.-? 1' 5' I~ /..2, .✓ .s ltJ.7' /t{, /!, .J'/ /.f /.1 2.t ? t) :t., ..f.% do .J',$ /J .J' .i' 120 4..f i ¢.' .1 /} t) ,., Cl.o .!1.t:J tl.t:J y d 1:2 17.':I a.1 /.t? /} .n /} /f/J ,.,,,, la,:, /J I / ,?_,? /Q '/.✓ 1'. t:J ?, /. .r ,.,,., Lf tJ ...1 j /)/] /J..1 as t? (} ./J 120 £}(? tJ.t:J /J I) /J /7.n ✓?.0 /J/1 (} tJ I) /:J.O /,J.t:J ,?.t:J /I/ 0 /// P.1 /1/1 f'. J' " /J L /f.!fi t).t:J 11/.6 " t) ~ %7 ,/JC) 51-, IP 0 /9 17.t? '?,., n:,:, /!, r ,23 /.$ tl.7' .t.t:J 1'. 1'. ✓ 5.f ~f ,;,1, / (:J I 1 ✓ LJ. CJ /.Q f, t? 2, U' ,?./J I.ff ~2.:) C? 220 Ii'~ t?.0 /~/; g' t) f 115.<I (20 /!,.<I 7 /} 7 /el.I Clt:J /,/)_/ 16 /} /G, 1141.! /7() ;d:r .J'y" ;' ✓ -2 29 ti. 7' J.t d, tJ /2, .n.1 (2() 21'./ 2- I J ?.9 /.<t 4. ~ ...1 t') .! !1.1 ,,,., f!.'7' fi.J ..!t,'7 //f,? ~9.i 5cJ.i /{}{}. ,/5 7 ;z ls?.(-6 H.5 10a 4/ f'.$ /49 !if.,, lu,:?./, /(:Jt). t,2, 50 //2, !7,!,.9 ✓ flt /tb /{, ,.-t:J /0 -/. /95?- Numbe, Pe, Cent Number Per Cent Nulmer Per Cent Numbei PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Tota , tJ I /I 11.J I:! 1/£1 4 I 511/J.t 2.1 /15 '17' -?'7 ,~,, //. 5 ?. 2, ff/J.1 /0 ,;I 1✓ 121 51 11.5 f,' 1,, /tJ 2/t 5.,/ 121.0 ,,,,:z_ ;;;/ /,c° ;(. I.!. I t,.p lff.5 II 2, 1.! /J' 9 ~5 It{( ;/ I 5 117.ff 2.1 11.!.5' /1.J /nt] 22.:Z /J,/ 13.0 tt.~ t'} 0 t:J 12,:J /1 tJ /2(:J /J / I "" ?.1 ?.7 ;c/ // '2~ J.1 /, $ 1t? (J 0 ,? tJ.tJ /,J.tJ t:?.0 ,'} I / ''4.0 ?."/ :1.7' t, 2, If /J.-1 tl.i tJP 1J (:J 0 /.20 de? ao /J I) /) /J.IJ 17./J 11)(2 /J .s 3 cJ.(2 ,v/ tJ.,/ 15 /) /!i /?,) t?.t:J 110 ✓ 0 ✓ /(J.f tltJ ltJ.f t,/ a ti 13 t).0 1,.1 2.. 0 2, 2,"5 /J./7 ?."> /] I / IJ/J 2.7 2-'7 J? 5 13 /.t:J tJ.? /.t '20 ,;J 20 26.J ,,;,.,:, 25.:! /0 0 ,,,J 11t? Cltl ~to 15.f t) 15.f /ff. 'I &.tJ lff.f t. 2.. ,/ f5 2.~ 5."(J /) 0 0 t2t? t?t:J tJ. (} /~ 5 20 / f tJ.6 .t4 1' /) 9 1f 1trr.r:, ;/.✓ /tJt/ .?o -? .57' ~II l!f.lJ ltJti. 5'1s 1.t,t, .(L/1 IL!l'.<:1 fl,(, /tl(J. Vl&E l11Jf £ V-"lt. tlll L«241 t2F //,1//r S/GftT(ll/6 S YE&,es /.Ju' ~UA~& OP /J6'J.h'. -r ROt!KFr ,,,,.,,., ,,,,,,,.,.,..Fr ,4,_,_ f/ec~,e.,· /9-9"7 , ;t;d,f' /~,/p Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total ..1 :2. t; 2.4 I(, 1/,tJ /J 0 tJ /J./J /} /) /J./J tJ (} tJ ,'J,I) /}(2 l,:;>tJ I t) I 71 o.. tJ :ti 3 i // ?.t/ ,:, ✓ ff.$ 0 I) /J tJ.t:J /{/J l,?/J tJ ~ :t., 0.0 /,(:!, IIA':L 0 I I /2,1 7- I 7. I 2./ -?3 +!'I /1,,.f !DI Ht 0 t) (:J ,?.t:J ,?./J c?.l'J 5 I L ,y-5~ 9./ l:,9.'5 2. I J' /4'..f ~I 2/<I ?. I .f /.~ IJ.{/ 24 ,; 0 t) /7/J 17./1 /J/7 I) cJ tJ /J.O /J,/J /J. 0 0 0 /} /40 /20 tJ.O /) 0 t7 /J.(} /J. tl /J.O /J I) /J /J.tJ /:J. tJ ,,,,., /J 0 /) /10 tJ.C? {2/J t) /J 0 ~,., /7.0 L?./) 0 I I tJ.[} o.S /J.~ /J I) tJ /JO /:J./:J 16'.0 0 0 0 /J.tJ 0.0 c7.t:J ,:} /} (2 /J. tJ t?.o Oti ;;-? 0 /0 .f {/ ;1,., i'tJ 0 0 t) t:!CJ ,,, ,., /J.t:J I (:J I 9./ t}.IJ f/ I .z ti 2. 11✓ .1 17./J /,/.f 1 CJ 1 5'(, tJ.tJ 5,t, t? 0 I) IL?. 0 t:.J.ti t2 CJ 0 D ti /Jt) CJ.CJ 00 / (} I '71 tJ.t:J 1: I 37 0 11 N.t tl.() 29.t (, C? 6 /t7tJ.t) t?tJ. /OPO I /J I Y./ 0.0 f.l (, /J t, ld/9 0.t) ld?.tr (, / 1 ✓f ai 1.;:t, 0 0 /) t,/J /20 /JO I 0 / 11 I /JtJ q / C? /J C? /:J.(2 t:J.t:J 0.t:J Ji' y 'i' (, /25' 1/t 1!.i w. (, /} t 1/t?ao /J(:J ica % 3 II '12.7 '27,f /t?(J. /2, 2. /<I' IJ/'~.7 /~j' la?. /?5"t:J If'§/ 1?5".Z, Numbei Per Cent NIDllber Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful ToW ertain Doubtful Tow Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Ceitain Doubtful Tota I 0 I ,111 /) tJ /l•tJ tl I I ~/) t>-J' G:3 I I :t 1.5" ;.,; .?.a I 2, .3 /I I 11.1 j'J.1 (} t? 0 ,'J_/J tJ.t? t?.t? ,f, ? 5 ~.,, 4£" 7.5' ,, 0 /} ✓ 7,t} /Jt? tJ.t) s q fl l-11.J ?! I 147.'I/ q 11 .2t, I.U 2~.i J'N /~ (:J ,? ti. tJ tJ,O o.o • /J (:J ,:J /Jt:J /J,/J el.CJ ';,_ I j '?.i:J /,5 id_.; 0 0 ,? (}0 "17 0.0 /J a (:J 17/J /J.O /JtJ ,, tJ 0 /J.t:J /J.o '/J,(:J 6 (:J I) ao (}.tJ (:J.t} ti C? a t?.O at? ,1/J /) I I tJ.tJ /.~ /.5 I (J I //_/ /7 0 //./ 2. a :?. !//,15° C2tJ 1/tJ.5 d t) ✓ LI /J.O £.,/ 0 (:J (:J /),, tJ tJ 0.,0 CJ t1 C 12t:J tUl OtJ /4 (:J ~ f./ ac f./ .J' a .? 5H 4(2 ?2.J f, C? I, 51,,:, '<,? ;'/,,r; /§ 0 15 :22-1 t). t) 2;2.7 / 0 /I.I /?t} //./ I /) I 51 /J.c? !,.~ 1 I <,/ d.5" /.5 /.. /J 1' 12, f 11H 21.2. voa 1./ 5 /9 11."I 2t.J /t?tJ. ,/2, £;/ tt ,Ht, 5t4 /t}tJ. 193


=== Page 203 ===

Evaluation ~Balloon 1 1-Astrooomical 2-Aitcraft ~Light Phenom. i-Birds 5-Clouds. Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic. Info. 7-Psydloloaical 8-Unlcnolln 9-0ttler Total Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft l-Liit,tl'11-. 4-Birds S-Clouds., Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I-Psychological 8-Unknown 9-0ther Toi~ I Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2·Aircraft 3-Lithl Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnto. 7-PsycOOlogical 8-Unkoown 9--0ther Toi~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Ancraft 3-Light Phenom. 4-Binls 5-Clouds. Dusl, etc. 6-lnsutfic. •to. 7-Psydl>loaic:al 8--Unknown 9-0thet Total ·rtMt.E tl 1.15' Ev,?L //fil1/t?dl t?E f/AIIT Sf~Guli~T,__,_fa,,.'tc..G .... S:..__~&"'%!~,e~~l'l=?.,1-~__,0,..'E .. .,,.&u£.'"cs..__________ S'" J~I!, 'Er€, l'f(,/ -"'--'~~ /JC ~A r _,o/. _.,., _,,_, ,-_,,~ ~r llit., Ve,,_., 1'1,/7 /?y'r? ;9,:/~ r.Jmbe! Per Cent Hudler Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Doubtful Tobl !Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Do-I Total ertain Ooubttul Total Certain OoubUul Tobl Certain Doobtful Total Certain Ooubttul Toi~ ,2_ (} 2. ~- /.. OJJ ?.,L (} tJ tJ IJ.t) ,, ,., ao 0 0 0 tl.tl tJ.tJ ,t/.t) .:/I 2./ 1,2, 5'.19 27.t ~5 ✓ ✓ f' LM_/J d,?JJ 1.-;1;7 I 5" f, HI~ '11_,/ $5".7 2.. 2, d 2. /,, ?. /. 5'.:?. I. t7 0 tJ LJ.tJ tJ.tl 't?.a tJ LJ 0 /,<(} 1'70 LJ.o tJ I I /J /J /..1 /. ~ V /} tJ /) /J_/1 O.t? t;l.tJ /) 0 ;? /JC tJ /J ,:J. tJ ,, I I ,,_,, /. .1 /. ~ ' 0 tJ /} /JC c?tJ tJ. t7 LJ I ./ /J_n ///.J ;.(g 0 0 0 /] ,1 ,1 /J 100 (\ cl 0 0 /J.11 1.7.tJ /J_/1 l'7 tJ /;) /J_n /J,/J /J n I ,-? I /. 7 /J./J /..1' V \ /J 0 0 /J.O /J,/J 0.(J tJ tJ tJ /J.t? tJ.t} /.J.O /} 0 o ao /J.r1 II'! ti ~ /J 0 tl ltJ.O tJt) IJ(J /) 0 0 /J_ t? /J,/J /20 5' 0 ,;- ti. /} /} I.G. t :,, 0 £ !tao tJ.tl UJ.O tJ tJ 0 no t?. l'J 1'20 0 0 0 ,?,/J /J.O "'" ,? CJ 0 (?./2 1'7.tl a~ 0 0 0 oo /JO /J /J 57 25' 1/4 &7.1 .f.t.9 ~~ h 'I /0 u:10 'tb.tJ 10a I 6 7' /,/J %5:1 100. 1t?s-o /t?:,/ /t?52,, Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oooblfil Total Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Oo- Tobl Certain Doubttul Total I 0 I 5"/J./J /J.!? 5"t!o 1? 0 0 /'/11 0/J /1.I? / 0 I i !? ,;J.tJ /. $' / tJ I l,;°/J/J IJ.LJ 5/JJ I I :l 5o./J 5(1.n /.,,,,_ f,/ I/ L/5' £/.i MO j'l.f /,) 0 " 1,/J tJ.tJ I? 11 1J /) ,? /J.O tUJ lat? 2. -Z L/ .It .J't. 7.Z 0 0 /} /J.17 /?,., /J.O ,? CJ 11 IJ.t) O.IJ /J_n 0 / I 120 /,ff I.ff cJ 0 ,? /J,/J tJ. tJ t),tJ /J 0 1.7 l!'.111 0/J /lt? CJ /J t:J 1111 /J_/) IJ.O 0 0 ,? /J. tJ /},., l?.O /} 0 /J 00 /J.t:J 0.0 tJ 0 /} 0./:l ,:;J.tJ /Jt:J (} 0 l'7 cUJ OtJ 00 ,,, 0 0 0,/J tJ.O 1/./0 I tJ I /.f1 /J.tJ /.ff 0 0 /} /J/J /J.tJ !}ti 0 0 /J &O ().CJ /J.O tJ 0 LJ ,J,? '7.tJ tJ. tJ 0 0 17 /J.O 1?/J LJO tJ 0 0 an /J.O o.o f 0 .J' 5.✓ t!t:J 5.,/ 0 0 IJ. /J.t} 120 ti.() I? c? tJ !..aa aa /Jn 1:J tJ 0 120 tJ. /J IJ. /} 2. c:J :2,, I/~,-, tJ. tJ ;,::ia / I g, 5'0./. I .:n./J .9c7. L/1 1//' 5'5' ;ft(,: ?5.6 l"'J y,e t9?t- ,!S'v i\ A~= ,?p ./?A •~/I- I - ,_ •• ,,IL .,,r:,,o. /'/?A-'/"' LJt:,_. ,?£ rE ,,, LJJ1"0.P Au.. V"'"'-"'r /tJ~7 , /?✓ /? - ;?,;ff' Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntler Per Cent Number Per Celt Certain Ooobttul Total Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubttul Total Certain Oouhttu Tobl Certain Doubllul Total ?(, d .J'tJ If t1 ?9 2/.9 l'7 /J /J /J.O ,.,,., /7_/7 .t tJ 2., 26'.u /2t'J 2C/. ~ 0 5 55.t. /?/J ,CCC/ /1 I.J .?t f.5 9.5' /jtJ 0 I I tl.O /£.1 1£.1 ..J' 1) ..J' 51:5 ao H5 0. 2 2.. 1,/J 2;;7.?. 4-,,_z ,L. 1../ 2? /I. 7 9.-< 2/:Z 0 0 /) tUJ tJ./7 /J.O /) 0 /J tJ.tJ ,7.17 I/J/J 0 :z. :2, /21? ,,,,_?. 222 /) / I t? 17 /J.,, /J. 1 0 LJ t? a tJ (l.tJ t!O 0 0 t:J (JO IJ.O ao I? 0 a Ll.0 ,?1.0 tJ.O / I $ ,? ,, 0. 7 ;.¢' 0 /J 0 (JO /J.0 /20 I 0 I /2,5 ao /2,5 tJ 0 ;? ,.,_,., 0.0 ,,,,,, /) ?~ 2. /J. 0 /.5 /.5 /} tJ /} /?/} /) /) tJ.O 0 tJ /} ~o ao 1/7.0 0 0 /) "!" 0.t? ao /j' a /f 9.5 0.tJ f.5 :J. 0 i. .JJ.J tJ.O 5.t.J t:J tJ tJ 40 '1-" /10 0 0 0 /J.O -'?-" 0/J ,/ /J ✓ 2.9 C2/J 2.9 /J 0 CJ tJ.o ,? /) /10 tJ 0 0 ~o. tJ.tJ do /J 0 t? t?.O at? o.o 26 0 2t 1ft; ti(} lfo ?, 0 1,, JJJ tJ.o ~JJ I LJ I /f,; t!tJ lf,5 0 0 0 t?.t? ao t:?.o ? I ¢ 1:Z 0.1 2.9 I 0 I 11£. 7 0. cJ 1/./,.J I tJ I /1.!7 /JO ;t.5 0 0 t:J tJ.O ao 0.0 /(} t. ~c /.17 1,/5 !?55 /0.() -5' I 6 8'f.J /t.7 la:J. J{ t:J ff /a:J.tl cJ.0 /0,?. 5 ✓ y 5S:~ #.~ /00. /?5"t? /9S-/ /<75':Z, r.Jmbe! Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Ooubttul Total Certain OoubUul Total ~ertain Ooubtlul Tolal Certain Ooubttul Total J,;ertain Ooubttul Total Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Ooobllul Total Certain Ooubttul Total .z, / :J' IN 'I.I 21J z_ t) -7 .11.J ,? /1 j'J'..f /5 :f IX Jt,_t;' 51 /Ji'.(, IJ. :2. z ,1,tJ ;j'?, 111.i I? I I O.tl l&.7 l~.7 /() '1 11 ltJ.1 r. 2, !U .J t) .? 211 O.tJ 21.J 0 0 0 /J/J /7./J atJ ;J // ;2,/ /f.U //.$ 2t/J 0 t? ;} /? /) 1/J /JtJ /7 ,? tJ /),1 /J.O /J.t) 0 I I /J./7 /,11 /.0 0 0 0 l,J.tJ ao /J./J 17 0 ,? ,?./J /2,1 tJ.O 0 I I -'?" /.0 /,0 ·? 1} ,? atJ t1,tJ 11,0 0 LJ 0 t:J.o i?.tl tJ.O 0 z 2 /J.tl $./ 2./ / 0 I ?.I t).tJ f.l z 0 z ':?~.1 110. J'J..J ff 0 f?' $t. t)./J 1£'.t 0 0 !? /J./J /J.IJ. lo. tJ 0 ,.;; /J /2,:J t;l.tJ ao 4 ,., u ✓ .1 o.c? efl _g tJ 2,, /~2. tJ.tJ i1x.'i I I? I /£. :' !?.I? ;t.7 20 ,? zo 2tU, /J.O to.t /J 0 /? -'?" !?./J lt?.O /} tJ 0 aa t?tJ 11 /) I I I ·/.0 /./J ~-0 I f .1 II i12.1 11.J lt}tJ, ,,- I h A'J.J /?,7 /OP. '71 21, '17 'f.U. 26-f /00. I 194 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 204 ===

I 11 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Enh11tion 0-Ballooo 1-Astiunomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lijlll Pllenom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffi~ Info. 7-Psydllllopcal 8-- 9-0lller Tolll Evaluation 0-Ballooo 1-Asbonomical 2•Aircraft 3-LijlllPlumm. 4-Birds ~Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unknown 9-0lher Total Evaluaoon 0-Balloon l•Asbonomical 2-Airaatt 3-Lijllll'llo,oa,. 4-Birds. ~Clouds. Dust, et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unkno.., 9-0ther Tolll Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lij111Ph010m. 4-Birds Hloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuflir..'91D. 7-Psyd>ological 8-Unknown !1-0lh,, Tolll fllt.E £ t,1/ Et//l?l&Z:toal t2r 0wr StG/t'Tt/1/Gs &,£' d?L AF/ .s.=~AG /Je C?.i'J~47" ,CL"'"'~ Au lk,1s /947 , d4f Numbef Per Cent Number Percent Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total J,,ertain Doubtful Total Certain 00.blful Total 2 .J' I, ~2_ 2.~ 14<'¢ / 0 I 5'?JO ao 6'tl.t? /} tJ Cl tUJ tJ.tJ 10.0 ¥(, _gq "7/J ff.I( 1:7. (, 51_,; I tJ I 51!" ,:J,(1 5tl.P ~ j /0 lu.f.l 1n ~2.1. 17 It? 2'/ 1/f.5 :7.9°' /9.9 IJ t? /] 17,/) t2 (1 120 0 / / t)t) ,!,, .f ,t.5 I 0 I C?'I -4tJ /27 /] /) 0 I JJ.t:7 ,? ,,, '1" /J /) /} /1/) ~/} /}/) t? / / I t?t? tJ.7 /2'/ /) t? IJ ti. (J t2t:J l&.O 0 0 0 (}CJ tJ.O tJ.O /) /) t:J ,?,? /2C) a/) /J /] 0 /JO l?.t? 120 n 0 /J tJ.IJ l'J./J tJ.O ? /) 5 l..?.Z ao 2-2 /) t) I) /.?/J /)/) tJtJ 0 tJ /) tJ.O ao tJ.tJ "7 /1 7 /.!> /J, 0 /.5 /1 0 ,? /2/J '1 /] ao CJ Cl ,'J atJ tJ.O tJ.O ,.:; 0 /,( //.tJ /J,(J 11,tJ n 0 0 /J/J /J,(J /]/] / 0 I £.. .7 tJ.tJ 6..1 ~ 5" // 441 J'.7 n IJ 0 .0 ,?,/} tJ tJ a tJ /J q ,; /J.IJ 25:tJ t!f.O N .th 1/..?t:: ,f,R,q .J'/,(, 11/JJ?, :Z. t:J z, l/t1t1P &.tJ voo, g- Ji' /(, 6"0.v 5tUJ a?. /QJ:t) /9S/ /95'.2 Number Per Cent Number PerC"11 Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total ,,., C, 0 /J,IJ /J, /) /J,tJ /] 0 tJ tJ.o tJ.tJ lao $. ..1' S 2.5 ?.S l,,J 9' ,S /1,. ID1tJ ?(l.0 8'17.P I I :Z, f(J./, -?/J.J? l~tl.o u :t :?t( .ff,! ff <//. i :Z, /J 2, /J'.J t),cJ llf.J I /J I tat t),tJ f(l.t) /2. ¥ ,;,-, 1~2, /0./ 15.J CJ IJ /) tJ.tJ "?,., J'.1/l /J /} ,,; lti.tJ IJ.0 t2tJ / 0 I /.5 /}, tJ /-2 tJ /) /) /J,C, I}. tJ /J,C, 0 /J /) 'IJ.O /? /') ,/),I'.) /J I I ,d.lJ /,.J' /, .J' 0 ,,., /') '?" tJ. (J tJ.o CJ /) /J IJ. Cl 110 ,ao ,,., CJ 0 tJ,LJ at? .o.,:; c? CJ (/ /J /) /J, tJ tJ.tJ Cl /J t) tl.t? 120 17, t? / CJ I /..5' tJ.t) /.S' tJ tJ n I '1 tJ /JO l"J.0 CJ CJ 0 ;J,(} ,?I? ,J.(J 2... 0 2. :1.!i' tJ. tJ 2-5 I tJ 1 I/.. 7 J'JtJ l&.J ~ 0 1,. 14b.c- '1/J l~O 9 0 r l//.4" atJ I/II ,,; tJ /J 4() /J, I) 1/.1.t? tJ t) 11 /JtJ ,?/J /)/) I. I "'1 7. t, /..S 8'! /-?. g /'5' I <111n IA,:>IJ /OtJ. u I 5' l@tJ ttJ.tJ llt)P. "'~ 20 ~f I 7'¢; 25:.7 /ti?. "TA,(Uf 111.i',( ALL '/eA£S /~,;/7 , /? c/J" Number Percent Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Certain Oo"btful Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain □o.blful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain 00.btful Total Certain Doubtful Total f.2 ,5' d'7 /t.tJ £1, /7,I, 0 0 () IJ.cJ ,(). tJ t). tJ 2, t) ,e II5' t7.c? /.1..7 29 :Z,./ S'/J l/#,f $t7 11.0 I 2,. :f l-?11/1 l~c- l,tUJ / IJ I £. ~ /JIJ ✓-. 7 .91 -? 9 /. /1 ,11.1 ltl.? 22.t ;;, IJ 0 ao O.tJ 0.0 I 2, s ~'/ lf.J' ttJ.t .t/ .J' '/ 1.5'" II ~-t ,,; /) ,,, 1"'10 /}_ t} O,t) 17 ,., t:J tJo /J /) lao :z. 2, Q ti.( tU /.~ ,,; 0 Cl 10.t:i tJ. tJ t:J. tJ I I ft, /,. 7' /,,,'/ /1.9 I I 2, a& o.u /J! 0 /J /J t2tl tJ.tJ ao /) t:J 0 t2tJ ,!J.t} aa '7/ 0 2/ $tl J'J-0 . LtJ tJ /J /) 12/J ,..,,., 1/J.O J' IJ ..7 2.0.0. &.tJ ~o 6 0 t. t',g IJ,/J 2. g /J 0 tl t2tJ t'J. tJ 10.0 tJ t:? IJ tJ.tJ t:?.0 O.tJ 5~ t) "-5 ?ti.? atJ /J/17 2.. /) t, lt-h. c- /2tJ l/4,,, 2, IJ /J, /.!.! atJ l.f-.7 11 .. ,,./ kCJ 2.3 53 /J tJ 0 J?/J i?_O !'JO 0 :2, :z, f1r, //.J' l..f.5 II'! '1.., 1..,.:; 11. I tf.t /PP. .3 :2, !> l ✓ -n.v LM.tl ;,:,a //J ~ 15' t,t,.J 5'.J,.f /pp, 1/?<"0 /95"/ /~>!2. r.imbef Pe,C"11 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Dool>lful Total Certain Doubtful Total J,;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total r, I '/ /f.1. ..f'vJ :Z/.1. .J' tJ J Iii' 17. (1 /if .it? 1..1' 5'..! J.t.o '/.Ji' I/U 1 5' £. ?, I f. I IL:! I .J' .ti' 14:"R /1/S /9. I ✓ 1 /0 2~ /(l.2, /,.,I} l/1..t 7 4' //] 212 q_ / :fl;~ ,/ I 6 lf.tl #.Ji' 2.M 1/. ,2/ ?7' n lf7 21.5 IJ n 17 tJ.CJ vJ./} l/.7.c:? IJ t? /J vJ/J /J.tJ I?. /J L/ ..1 ? 1'4 1.¥' 4.2. 0 ,? tJ t?tl /1 /) ao IJ IJ ,, 1" /J, /J /],,, I / 2, /2/,, /J.L. /:2, 0 0 vJ. 'IJ.tJ /20 t:UJ tJ 0 I) t?./J /) /) c:J.tJ / I 2, lat. ,!J./,, 12- .7 0 .5' 9.1 c:J.O 9./ :z, tJ Z, 'l.,< Vl/J f.5 p tJ 9 5.,/ /1 /) .5:t/ CJ 0 tJ t?tJ at? 0.0 tJ CJ 0 tJ./J I?. tJ (JtJ C, tJ /,, .f. t tJ.tJ £t 5' tJ 5 1.,;:t /},? V6. '2 5. /J .5'?.tx ". /) 2.U 2;( /J .u ~1.7 ,?/1 ?/7 C? ~ 4, t7.tJ L. / £, / :z. /J z, lj ,< /J,J'J 9.5 < £,, 7 .5'. tJ /.,:;,; 4.1. ,;.t/ , ~2 I~?.? 21.J '/tJa /-;f ,:/ 2, / 1-fl.tJ /9 I) '"". //£ 51 I~ I, IL~ .1 J't:J.'f /pp, 195 /f.;/9 Number Percent Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t:J tJ 0 I.J.t} /J.O t).tJ ~ /0 /:L l/05 51.,(,, l,S.I .t.. / .3 111?. !> ss ;15.g' /} 0 0 /).tJ ,?,tJ t).tJ t:J 0 0 IJ.O /1,;J 0.0 /.? 0 /) tJ.O A.t) o.o .l. p 2. 1/J_!, t:U} /(J.~ t:J 0 t:J t2tJ tJ.t) tJ.o :L 0 ~ 1/P.!," tJ.tJ i(J.5 0 CJ 0 t?.6 tJ, t) C/.0 f< I/ /f ~/ 5"1.9 /Otl. Number Per Call Certin Ooublfu Total Certain llarbtful Tola! /t?L/? Number PerCmt Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain llarbtful Total I I :2,, .2x' ?&' 7, /.. I. .5' , 2!.J l'/.5 f/(1 ..s 2, !, 111."' 'f.'7 If 2. 0 t) 0 Vl/J /! IJ ~tJ 0 0 t:? ,? /J /1.,., a ✓ • /J 0 CJ C?/J /J/J /J/J ✓ t7 ✓ /5:4 /Jt;J /5:-V /J 0 t? ,..,,., /JI} .,., /) ~ tJ !, /9? JJ/J 1ft I 0 I ?Ji' ,? /} <t, J? .to ,:; .it '/£., 9 25./ /Oa Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total


=== Page 205 ===

/1</ o-'"'"'E -,:- ..-.AIL:",,,._ Au Y.E.-fN'S l•?U">' -~ Nu- PeJCent Nmnber Per Cent Evalution Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doul>tfll Total C.rtlin 0.Balloon .l!> ?j' '1.1 s:t. LI 11.7 / /J I 5% 4tJ 3'.f ,. 1 1-Astrunomical //)( ,/1 /1/K IIJ:! ~5 2.!.'J 2' I 9 .1P. ~ ?. R !P.t / 2-AircrJft i,.1 f/() ' 1/J.f 1tl. I ~- ✓ lt,<i" I / ~ f9 .7.R 1?.'t 3 3-Llaht Phenom. ti /J t; /4 11 Cl /.// /) /) tJ AA AA .AA .z 4-Birds 2.. I ..1145 /) z 11.e; /1 /J t? tltl tJ.,? ao tJ >Clouds. Oust. etc. 2. 0 ~ 14.1 CJ./} la..1 /) tl /) PP atJ cio /) ~lnsuffi~ Info. I IC' !L /) J(Ji, 114'..1 i<tJ lt..J ;/ /) 4 115.4' ,?t) 15:¥ 7 7-Psydloloaical .z. I J' ,?. J' /J? t?.£ / ,,, I ,. !? ,:?.,:J .J'_R /) a-Unknown ;J9 c? J.JQ 22.; /JtJ -12-1 t ,,, L l?ft /Jo n.1 ? '-Other _J'.,;- 7 .t.N s:~ /.I ,r._7 J CJ r ,~,,_ AA l//,5 /J Total l¢9tJ 1/J'q 6V, l-'1R',; 2/.6 Ila>. 2,:/ ~ .u ft., 'f.7 /fl" /(7 /?5tJ ,;, .C-/ I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain 0OIJbllul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dowlful Total Certain 0111blM Total Certain D-Balloon <J. :z d 1:? ~1 L.L /) I / /)/J .2,/ :ti ..,,_ l·Astronomical ,Jf d ?1 .1/J.tJ £.1 ?1.1 1/J L ,/,. 2/.2 1:2.1 :J'/,p do 2-Aircrafl: 7 ,( 1..1 II. 7 ;t?.tJ :2/.7 ~- 2, ✓ 4._g /,(g i?t, 4'L 3-Litl>ll'tlaloal. /) tJ /) /) /} /},,, /} /} ?. 0 t, 11. J' t7.tl 4g s- 4-Bints 0 ,1 /) /} /} /J./J /) /J 0 0 /? '?' c:JJ, tl.t:J <J. S-Clouds. Oust etc. /, /) /) /} /} /} /) 0./J /} /J ~ ,, / Cl,? t?. t? .2., 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ,; /J ., /t?./J /} /) //}() .u /J ✓ !f"e; /1./J L.5 .,..tr 7-Psychological 0 /} 0 /J.IJ /}/") 112D I /7 I .2,/' .,,,,., -:2.I 0 &-Unknown // 0 // /fi:1 ao If! ;d 0 Id 2U tJ.t7 ~9,i? l1n,:t.. 9-0ther :/' I ¢ S:tl 1.7 /,..7 t, /) ,, IIJ.~ /JC) 110,~ .2~ I Total ¥1 /.1 i,,O ft:1 2/7 /t)O, n' / 07 itJ.9 /91 /c:t:! ?j'/ 196 _f#,.dA= /J/(7T' l~J,f Number Percent Doul>llul Total Certain Doubtful Total J!, 5' lf5' !(J l."nf .J' LI IJ.z /2.5 IIL. 7 . /) J 112.{; l2t? 1,2.s ,., ? ~~ t?.CJ ~~ I I ao 42, dz 0 tJ t7r, AA 00 /J '1 ~9.t tJ.tJ ~~:t. (7 CJ c:u, /)/, t?.Cl p 2. fr AA ,(g' ,., ,,, A~ AA /?.t:J t -?// I .,..5.o 2£.tJ ,0£< Nwrl>er Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .?_? L :Z /0 '(9 l~f /'1 L"' ,~,; ,/1 /5,(. .J'() .,..L :1;.t:, 7,:t, /~2, p "' l.:Z. AA o:. 0 £, ~"' (;JA /1{!, 0 :t, /)_I, 11 /) 1 ✓16 /J .,..5 1,'{11 CJ.CJ t19 / I 4tl I/J "- CJ.1, ,,, ,p:t, N/.1 ~o 1.,,-'{q /- ,,,, -< 1 /,d L.7 f<-1 Q/9 1.,..~t. ~f /a! ST,'!>Te/l /qQ'q Number Certain Doubtful Total Certain 11 /7 ,? AA /£. It- '-£ IM:, .t/ / 5 (i t? A /J tl.t:J /7 /1 tJ AA d /J ,? /J/) L /) ~ M.f. /) t? /7 /J.t:7 4' ,. // <? t L tJ ? //; f~ ;'}' I'! IL5.J Number Certin Ooublfu Total Certain Per Cent Doubtful L'l.0 i'?.7 .ttl cJ.t? "!" /J /J tl.A tJ. tJ ,,,,,,, l?.o :l.17 Per Cent Omrbllul Total ao 1t£i.~ 1/,f. 2- f1/J /2a ao H.t tJ.O ~t VI 1/,:::17. Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 206 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Oif{1.E E/l',£t-UAOl2tv'. C7F t26✓trer /ILL v'e,1,es •& Y?' I"' rtimbef Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0-Ballom 1/3 1'.J ,P~ M,9 ,!{tJ /?;9 ~ tJ 5 1/.9 tJ. tJ //. 9 6 :I-Astronomical //5 9/ ~/J/. //./ %f 19. 9 .f ¢ '7 }(/ Y.5 11.i:;.t // 2-Alltlaft ;?/J ,:,,< UJ! 11'.£ /ll.5' n.1 I I 2, ,?J,/ <J.J U.R 6 3-LijhtPh,nom. 16 /¥ .7/J /5 ;.¢ 2.1 2,, tJ -:?.. 14"2' ,t?.tJ l ✓ .r tJ 4•Birds 7 ~ // /J.7 a ✓ ;. I tl /J ,? /J./J /J.tJ l;?.CJ L7 $-Clouds, Dus~ et~ I) .J' ,, 11).tJ /JJ' ~.? /J tJ t? /)/} ,::J.tJ ,:J,:J tl 6-lnsuffic. inro. fl, {) 9(, u /J.tl u £ t? 6 l,,(..1 Clt? / ✓ ..? (, 7-Psydlolo~cal /Q ~ .n /.<I /J. .f 2.t :z, 2, d ✓ .r ¢3' 'l. I, / a.uniu,,., ;v5 I) lf5 dP ,, /J I,!? ,!{ tJ fl 'N,:::, ,1A /?t' ., 9-0the, .?ti /. .?L 2. 9 IZ6 $.5' f' Cl fl l1<ft' /2(} 1ft' .2, Total 7'/(, .1'/7' /ti.I.I tf,?../ .?tJ.;:' /,?,?. g5 7 4i i'U //..7 w .5'9 19,5',:J /, ',:-/ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain ll-Balloon /1:J I II 1//J' /.¥ 67 J / 4 /tJ.1 .!5,(, Nb j'£' I-Astronomical ~ .J' /£. /?, 9 d.5' /~1!. :? _;t. 5' 1/J~ '7. I 1-f" fl/ 2-Aircratt Ji' .t,, /CJ //./1 .ff /I/! ..r /J .f l(J.1 /J,/J 1/J ~ t?< 3-LijhtPhonom. ~ L) /J tJ.,:J /J.tJ 12 tJ L) / / /,J/J ?;_ .1'/.. /q 4-Birds 0 CJ tJ /J/J 1?,:J at.? ,, / I t?.t? .£ t. .££ < S-Clouds. Oust. etc. tJ tJ /,) tJ.tJ t.?tJ (Jt.? /J tJ /J IJt? ClrJ ,.,,., t? 6-lnsuffic. Info. /.f t) I? 1ft, tltJ /ft ✓ ,:) Q 1,,/..1 t:!tJ 1¢'1 5.? 7-Psychological ~ 0 ~ 2. (j ,,,., ?.9 0 I I l?.t? :;,t, ?_I.. ';/ ~UnknOMI /9 ,, /(J 9'1./ ,u, 21/ Q p p S'f./ IJO •12./ /;,IP 9--0ther .t, / ~ t.,, 1.J d.:I ,, tJ /J /!?.I'> ,,,., /J,:J /5 I Total /.J' 7 7',j //4/, I{). p 'ltl;J. .u. /.. £$ "(? I. .2/.-tl //J(,! !>t'5 ,:>;/ ~,, ,>,d,:- ,;:>_c ,.,.,, =L!'?' Au. r,/.,;9~5 /9 ✓ 7 Number Per Cent Number Per Cm! Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0-Balloon .? I d £. 7 /J (j f.5 /J t? 0 /J,// /7 /J ,.,~ /J I-Astronomical ~. 6 5 /k' 5.3 7./ tJ CJ CJ ,?/J t1. Cl LJ.O tJ 2-Aircraft ?/J 2£) 9'tl 1:(7 177' 5'5• ,., 0 /J /Jj) /,J,t:J /J.C7 5' 3-Light Phenom. :z, I s 1.f /2 (j ?.'7 0 /J /) /J.O /J. /J tJ.O ;;I 4-Birds 0 0 /J /J,, /J /, // t? /? ,:) 0 tJ,(J /,//J 1/'.l.O t.? 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. tJ / / ,1/J /JI/ /J.9 /,) I') tJ /J.0 120 /20 t? 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. //J t' /t) !U cJ,:J i'.I /J cJ /J tl.n /J/J /)/) / 7-Psychological 7 {) 7 £.. 2 ,t);? t. 2 /) 0 tJ IOtl ,.JO tl.0 tJ I-Unknown .?..? /7 .7.J l.?91 t?./J 1'-1 5 tJ 5 11,.,,,, tHJ Vau, I 9-0ther /. / 7 5:.f tl.11 t,.t t.? CJ tJ //" /J. /J lr,20 I Total %J ft) //1 :'1.f~ 2t,.~ /t/0. 6 CJ ~ ltJO.t ,., /J //l/1, i' /f ,/J /?!,/ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain 0.Balloon I 0 I 111.5" tl.tJ l:t.€: tJ / I /JtJ t,.J t,.J / )1-Astronomical 0 :?, t. /J /J ?G',t) 9t:..O tJ 0 /J /J.tJ IJ.iJ tJ. I) :?. 2-Aircraft /) 0 /J IJ./) tJ. /J /J.0 5 .5' ff f/.J d'.$ 5/).tl g" 3-Light Phenom. 0 0 /) ///J /2 Cl /?.CJ /J 0 // /7 I) /J.(} /J.O -?, 4·Birds I) 0 0 IJ.t? /J.t:i tJ.O t' Cl rJ la. ti /J.IJ /J.O /} ~Clouds, Oust.etc. Cl 0 /J '7/J /J_/J /J. /J /J ,-J CJ /J.tJ /) /I /7.r.J /J 6--lnsuffic. Info. I /) / /f?.5 4C' ;2.,; 2.. cJ £,. ltf'G' tJtJ 11.,; ,;,-' 7-Psydlolo~c:al Cl tJ /} t:?t? [f:7,0 /J,:? 0 0 tJ --?" /J. tJ /1/1 (, 8-Unknown -? ,, .1' 115 /,J/} '?15 d 0 ✓ 25.tJ /J.O ::?t;tJ /!, J.0111et / CJ / 1,t.6 /?tJ 1?.5 / /J / l/4.? /J. tJ ;;_g J Total /4 ~ t 1~0 15.0 ltJCJ. /2., ✓ It '1L:t) 25.t' Vtlt>. ffl 197 ,,,dr7 ,-,,-/9 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total g /✓ f5 12.7 22.2 ✓ I 5' ¢; /. 2, ~tl ,I :Z:t /1.5 11:5 J',/.9 J! :tt .J'¢ l?.5 .?/.tJ Wa5 ,:) (, ?.!>' /J.,:) f.5 7 5 /:Z, x',S ,t. tJ 1✓ 1 .J' 2 at? t/r .I.If ,? C7 /J 4.tJ tUJ t2tJ / I /?.C7 /./. /." .2, C7 ~ :/.✓ tJ.tJ .;,✓ ,, tJ /! .4 /,//, AA ,? C7 n /J.,:J /JJJ /?.t) t? £ Y.5' tl tJ Y.5' /ff' tJ 1✓ /t,.7 CJ.(? //,] tJ / V. G LJ.tJ /,I, :Z, C7 2, v/ ,?.tJ 2.✓ C7 1 /// /J(J It/./ /:Z, C7 /:Z, 1✓ .1 /7,A A(f / 3 f. 2, I·" ✓f .., CJ s 5t, t?.tJ f.(, 2¢ /...S t,/.9 J'i'.I /t>a S'Z f2, ff ✓ t,/. 9 .?ff.I /t'IJ, /9-.Z, Nuntler Per Cent Number PerCmt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 72, 15'1 1/.4 ?.7' 21./ ,1,... 12/.. //J.9 Lt? 1/t.<? /PP 2.t'5 Ml IU' 1'1;; /{;7 pq' 1.9 /5 5.2 ,t, 7 cJ.1 4..f' /.t' f .J' /J.tJ tJJ/ tJ.4" L) 5.5' -7.I atJ j',/ 5 /2, /J.t} IJ_';f /./.. p /& 1$.i C//J l/$f ✓ /9 :l.tl tJ.5 l?.5 2-V/ ..-JL t,;r j't'.5 i/,?'l ~ ,_ ,.,,,,, "''""L!"',. c r /(J~'? /(J,:/y Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total L) tJ /} /J IJ. /) /J.O / 0 I :(-;? ,tZ cJ ~-:1 :t :'l, /J /} l1x'.t /,ft C7 / I /J,/J 7.7 -17 I ~ ~5.5 ?. I 5¢.t .t. I ..? 15:9' ~7 P.?.I /) tJ tl./J /J./} /J./) /) CJ /) ,?tJ t?.t?. /J.(J " • /J /ltl 11 /J /J. 0 0 /J L) /7_ /) /J.(J /);? cJ tJ /J./} /}_ I) /).IJ C7 CJ o ac /J.t) /)/l /) / {j_/ c?./J ?, I 2, CJ ,Z IS. I/ ;;IC) /!,.~ 0 /) ///1 /J,, /J.tJ / 0 / 7. 7. O.t' -,-7 tJ I 9. I c?.tJ fl fi' t? 5 Jf.5 /}.(} ;,r,5 // I 'II ,t)tJ 9./ CJ C7 C7 /J.tJ O.t.? t?.v .;> // l-12., z'1. :I /.i'O II ;2. /j f'i/ t, 11,.,/ /t)t) / >,;-;t.. Number Per Cent Number PerCeat Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~in Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota 0 I /,-;t /7 /) ;.;t I J' f..J 11 ~tJ 15' 2.r I.?.! 2S.tJ .fJl.J / j .?.3 /,/ 5.0 CJ Cl tUl /J.,J /J.O / / /}/} /.7 /.7 & ,;/ ~ 7. a,:; t,,.7 0 t, /tJ.tJ ,:J.0 /t).t' CJ /,;' :?5:tl cJ.t? ::?5.tl / ✓ "-(J 1,7 L 7 l'f ttJ LRJ -7/.7 :1oa


=== Page 207 ===

,,,/ ""'°"' /,Ir 0" ,!£ I/LL. 1/,1:,9.(s lf-~7· r.imber Per Cent Numbef PerCenl Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dobbtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total ID-Balloon ~ /} 2, J',; /} /} .VI 11-Astionomical 2$' I /j ✓ 1. 14'1-'5' .w." '/~/. 2-Airctlft 2, :Z ¢ J,/ 1 ✓ ,:._g 3-Light Phenom. /] I I /J,:1 I. -;1 1.7 4-Biids .'7 I / IJ. tJ /.'7 /.7 0 S-Clouds, Oust, etc. n /} /J CJ.tJ /.//J l?,/7 1111 6-lnsuffic. Info. I 0 I 1-1 /lt? /.7 n 7-Psydlolo&ic:al cJ CJ 0 /JO I V tJ. () (),? 8-Unkno• ,t/ () ✓ L. Jr /J,:9 t.f \\I 9-0llle, 0 0 /J ,?. tJ tJ. (} C,/J Total $7 22- !JP t2.J J'1'5 IN. ,P,ro //i -/ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Oobbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-BallOOII I 11 I I/IA 11 /) '/Jt!.O /} CJ JJ av tJ.O t). 0 I-Astronomical /J ,? /} I!. 0 c?.O f1/1 I I :z. 5(?.t, 5/J.O /Of>A 2--Aircrafl 0 0 11 /) /l /J /} "<,, /J cJ ,? 17.;; 0.0 t?,t'. Hiat>tl'llenom. .J 0 0 00 /) /) tJ. (J 0 /} tJ 17.;; /l /) 17.;;. 4-Birds n /) /) {) 0 '? /) /l,? /) 0 /) o.c, tJ. tJ /) r, 5-Cloud~ Dus~ etc t} 0 a 00 /JO /J /) tJ 0 tJ /J.li /1.r? 0. /} 6-tnsuffit.lnfo. /J /J I) /J,/J ,1, /) /1 /J 0 0 tJ ,>/1 t).tJ tJ. 0 7-Psycholo1ical 0 0 0 ao 17.0 /J /) ✓1 0 /J t)./J ,1. /} /1,() a.unknown 0 0 /) /1.0 00 /)/) 0 ,,:) 0 0. /} i!J. /} /J. /) 9-0ther 0 0 tJ .')/l 0.0 /}J; /J 0 0 /)/l ,?, /) tJ.t:J Total I 0 I "'" /J. (J 10(). I I :t., !,{)(, 50.P lloo. /J/lj El(ALIIAOt2!11 ta- (29.J£er ,-4,_,__ t/,;;,1.e.s /IJQ7 ✓ I Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Dobbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon .d J' ?-;f /9.2, 2.;:/ 2/.(, t) 0 eJ a/J l:J. tJ .?.If! I-Astronomical ;.Z /t, 24 f. t f.? /9.t cJ I / ,111 II,. 7 /1,.1 2-Aircraft 1✓ H 27 I/, 2, /tJJ/ 2/.? ti 17 11 IJ.tJ tJ.LJ tJ.O 3-Lif!IPhl!IIOm. t7 eJ tJ /J,11 /J. 11 [/J.,? 17 /7 r? t:l.JJ /J.CJ tJ.tJ 4-Birds J I 2, ,? % IJ. .f /.t tJ tJ eJ r?/J 17./J JJ.O S-Clouds, Oust, etc. /J 2. 2- /! /1 /,I, I.I.. IJ /J /J 1)./J tJ.tJ OtJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. H 0 If /0.tl /J. I) ltJ.(/ '2. 0 fl_, J'N /.J. CJ ?:/.3 7-PsycNllogical ✓ /) ,I {?. tJ. tJ .?.Z /} LJ CJ /,).t) tJ, tJ 0- CJ 8-UnknoMI 22. 0 22, /:1.t, ,?. IJ /:1.I, 4 /J 2 n.1 ✓'< tJ J7.:7 9-0ther j' I ,I :/.q' JJ.K ?2 / tJ I //4.7 cl,(} 1/..7 Tolll 91 J'~ 12.£ 11¢.!I 25.t /tlP. /j I 6 n, /1,.1 ltJO. /9-:-/J /¥~/ bber Per Cent Nmnber Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Gertain Doubtful Total Certain Oobbtful Total 0-Ballooo I I .t, 1/l.3 /d? 2it "· ll ,2., qJ; no J'J:3 1-Astrooomical 0 2. :Z, 121) ?2.? Ht /} I I at? It 7 /l7 2-Aircraft I 0 / 41 /JO l~J' 0 tJ I) tJ. cJ l).O t2t7 3--Li&htPtlam. /J 0 0 lt?.O t?.O tJ.o 0 0 0 t?.tJ a tJ ,.,,, 4-Binls ,., /] 0 ,?/J t:J. tJ /J.O /J /J /} t? ';} t?. /J /) ,, S-Clouds, Oust. etc. 0 0 tJ ao ?J.r:J tJ. tJ /J 0 tJ /.JtJ /}. /} t?. t? 6-lnsuffic. klfo. I 0 I l/✓ .1 t).tJ /Q.J' 2.. 0 ,t_ l?t..1 0. /) ?f'.1 7-Psydlolo&ical 0 tJ IJ tJ.tJ ,ao tJ.tJ 0 0 0 t?.o t!?. tJ tl.LJ 8-- I 0 I /Q.J' /7.0 /.(j J' I /J I I/L. -f t:). I) /6.7 9-0IJle, /J n IJ /2.IJ t:J.tJ ,0.£} 0 /J /} /?.O t?.,., /J. r? Total ,I 3 7 5:1.1 l.d?.9 /(JP. ~ I C, l~t..1 ltf /l)tl. 198 -r Mc~~,,,. ✓ /VL/f Number Percent certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0 t? CJ tJ. cJ /.J.t:J d ✓ f 'i'tJ.tJ ,:/tJ./J t1 0 tJ /} ,1 /} /} tJ tJ tJ 17,l', tJ.O tl () tJ /J.,? /},;/ t? 0 0 ot? acJ 0 () /J /J./} ,,,_ a ,? 0 cJ aCJ &. ,? 2, cJ 1, 'ltu; t?,O tJ 0 0 120 tf?. tJ t, ✓ ltJ tt?.tJ ¢1J.l', /<?!,~ Nunt>er ·Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I 11 I tu' t?. 17 2.2- /t} ?2, 5~7 2✓ .,,.. ? 2- 4 #.'9 .9. 9 CJ I I t:l.tJ 2- ✓ 11 a /J /J,., ,,,,., CJ 0 ,? at? /JO I 0 I 2.¢ tl./J ,:; 0 (l ?'.O 17.t} 2- cJ ~ .t/ 9 ao cJ CJ /J "! /, tJ.LJ f'f Is 4/ Lry .5'/. 7 , /9.'. JI' Nunler Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I 0 I /t,.7 t2tJ ?. 0 .Z 133 atJ /J .Q tJ cu:, /J.O /J 0 tJ /1/1 C). I) I CJ I 11,-7 /J. tJ /J 0 CJ tJ. tl ;7_ /2 /} /J tJ /J./J tJ.tJ /J /J tJ ;:J.t:J 0./J I ,? I /1.., rJ./7 I tJ I II.. i /}.tJ £, tJ £, /tJIJ.l t:J. tJ /,.c2-- Nu- Pei Cent certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful /~ ?. /-;f /1--f 2.2- 117 t It //.0 /. /.. /J I/ N' //IJ 12.I I? 0 I) /JJJ 4.0 /7 J I /} /} /.I t? 2.,, 2- /J./1 2.2.. R' 0 R h' /J/) ✓ 0 ,/ ~.; t20 /-;f 0 ;7 1$:1 /1. /J / I I /,I I I I,$ 21' t/1 1~1.-1 25.J' t:J,ff' Tolal Certain dt:J /} l<?A/} / 17,0 ,? "CJ t? ',?O tJ tJ.O tJ 0./J ,? ,? /J cJ M.o /} t?.cJ cJ /0(). I Total Certain ?.✓ ~i'.I ?.~ ,?.q L20 I/Jt? ,?.{/ t:7.0 14.9 tJ.o /OP. Total Certain 1/t.7 5 3.1.1 17 tJ.I) IJ 00 /} ll,-l IJ tJ.,., t? cJ. C CJ o.o 0 //..) 0 ,,.7 0 ltJO. ,,- Total Certain ;;:, l'(t 21,.'t' /}.O /.I 2.2 ,f_y sf~ lff.7 2.1. ·1m ,,,-Mer /9✓9 Nu- Per Cent Doubllul Total Certain lloul>llut 0 0 tlo /.J.tJ J ,I ~a/} /4/ltJ tJ tJ tJ.tJ t:J.tJ eJ t? tJ./J tJtJ I I /J.I) !VJ.ti 17 /J /7,1 at? ,,, /} 17.t? 170 (J t? /J.eJ /)/J r? 0 0. tJ /} tJ 0 0 t!tJ 00 ✓ 5 1/J.tJ RtJ.tJ Number Per Cent lloublfu Total Certain Doubtful /y<I,; Number PerCmt lloubtfu Total Certain Doubtful 0 5 55:I, ao :2.. :t.,. IJ /J l}-,_:z 2. :Z- /?. tJ 22.2 ,? tJ atJ tJ.tJ /J t? /7 CJ tJ. IJ 0 ,AJ /? 17 17.r:J a /J &.17 /1/J t'J tJ a eJ tJ.& n 0 OtJ ,.,,., /J t? l/2'/J IJ. tJ rt' 9 i,6'.(, .II<'(//' Number Pei Cent Doubllul Total c.rtain lloubllul Total tJ.tJ R/J.,P 1'2t? t?t:J 11/J.IJ tJ.O /JJJ ao {).tJ t:J.tJ /1)0. Total Tot~ 55.• 21.2 22.2. /7.0 0.0 tJ. tJ l"J/J /217 /7,() ao /00. Toi~ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 208 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EYliuatioo 0-Balloon l•Astn,nomical 2-Aircrlft 3-Liat,t Phenom. t.Birds 6-lnsuffic Info. 7-Psycholopcal !I-Ollie< Total Evaluation 0-Batloon l·Astn>nomical 2•Airaaft 3-Liat,tl'llenom. 4-Birds s-c1..d~ OusL etc 6-!nsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psycholo1ical &-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Asbtlnomical 2-Aircratt 3-Liat,tPh010m. 4-Birds !-Clouds, OusL etc 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l-Psyci'IJl01ical &-UnknoMI 9--0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astronomical 2-Ancratt 3-Liat,t Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic Info. l•Psydlolo&ical &-Unknown 9-0111• Total ,,,,-,., Number Per Cent Number Certain Oooblful Total ·Certain OOublful Total Certain Ooubtlul /) /) 17 /J, /) /J, (J tJ. (J 0 .0 ✓ I ,:; StUJ d_,;- 1-,,; / / J7 /) z 1~t? LJ.£} ,?,:-,0 / /} /J /) (J /}_CJ /JtJ fJ./1 /} 0 0 /J /} tJ./? () /) l'J.n ,? /) /) /? 0 /J.o CJ.O ao CJ t7 /} 0 /J /l_n /J,/J nn ,? n 0 0 /) 0.0 0. t? l/1,o /) /) I n I /:/.5 JJ.(J 12.5 / 0 ,'.) 0 17 nn /J /) JJ /J tJ 0 7 I I( Ifft,; /?.~ lt!tJ. .? I 7fll{LE A/.1..;- Ev,,u. 149 t:42/1( .4t.t.. le,tA!.S Number Pe,C"1I Number Certain Oooblful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Ooublful .12- d /t 'I!. tl ,,. ., /~1 ,tJ tJ ZJ /9 ,,,~ Q.S -? 'f 11.CJ I 2, 2i 11 s~ //.j //,). 9 ?2'2. 0 CJ j z, > I.Z ,H 1..(J t.? 0 ?_ ,2, ,/ /J.I tJ.f 1.6 /} /) I I .z. t ,j tJ.4 tJ.I /) /J /Q () /9 '1 '7 /),, ?':-:? c) 0 " 0 &, 1 ..t /}/J vi 0 0 5,f /J s// J/9 tJ. () 11.9 2. 0 R /4 /4' rt vi st /} 0 !1L. '7/ £4'1 1/. 3 21.7 /t)tJ _j' ::?. ,,,, ? fwmber PerC01I Number Certain Ooublful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooubttul /, / 1 ?.0.1 .ff.d #1 ..7 0 J j L. J(l.J ltl..1 IMt I ..7 ✓ ? /4 /.['fl /..9 I<''!-? ✓ I /) t7 /J /20 /J, /J tJ. /J /J 0 17 ,::, CJ ,-? r, /), 0 C).O tJ /} 1:l 0 () /7/J 0.0 0.0 d 0 .J 0 .J' 1/J.J o.o //J.1 ?. t? 0 0 0 0.0 o.o 1.0, t> /J ,!) ... ,.., ,:- 17. 1, ,,_ /> 1111, ,:;- /J /} 2, ,; /) r, /4 ~ /,. 9 :2 0 .21 f t 9 ?!.I/ .ttt lt:?O. 1'7 ¥ /9, "/ Per Cent Total Certain Oooblful t.l /l,/J t,J. tJ t 2_:; /) :2_,;:p / 1!fo /J./J 17 tJ.£) (J. tJ (J /}, JJ (J. /) () /}/) tJ,l'J tJ JJ,/J L).O tJ /J,LJ JJ.O I :15.o 0,/J /.) tU? ,,,_ /) ¢ 1'1'-':L 26.tJ /~-'1'7 Per Cent Total Ce!lain Oooblful tJ ~tJ /,)_ tJ ..1 1/.l,;; ul'J.tJ CJ 17,/J /J,/J t? tJ.o /J n /} ,,.,., JJ /) JJ t)_/) /J /.) (J /) /) /JO CJ 0/J 1.1 rJ ? d/Jn I}() /) ,, ,, /)/} s- /4/J/J 'h'J.t) /y C/ Per Cent Total Certain Ooublful J' /1/.1 0. CJ 4" ,/q /¢; .1 5 /()/J ./it tJ /} /, /J.O /J /.1,/J ,,, /) 0 d,o '.-:J.O ?. ~5 '7,, tJ ~tJ /J, 0 ., 2!.9 l'J.O ,t, f ,s- 17. /) 2../ lt;.o If.() 199 /<?<:t, Nuntier Per Cent Number PerC01I Tot■ ertain Ooublful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Ooublfu Total Certain Olllblful Tot■ tJ. tJ / f 4' /I, 9"'. i' IL.4" 5/J.1. /F g ,,,, 29.() 1,.5 5'6'.5 15.b // I, /-? 17.1 9.1 21.11 /J.v / /,) I ;,t tJ.tJ ;,I, tJ,/J /} / / !t?tJ /,6 /,I, 0.0 /} (J /J 4.o tJ,0 I ✓ -1 tJ 0.0 I I) I /,t:, /J. (J /,I, (J. 0 •f 0 :z.. Cl.. r?. tJ ~2 -?,1.°/J '1 /} "/ //.1 /)_/.) //,.1 /J,/J I, I 7 q_ 1 /,I, //,.? /t)t). .t/'1 15 1,2, '1t..i N..t /tJO. / /P<1 If /9dt; Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Ooublful Total Certain Ooublfu Total Certain Olllblful Tot~ 0. 0 ?_ tJ fl, /.1.$ /,)./,) /J'.J / I :Z- .;( / 4( /. gz 1.. 1.1,, / 0 I t.7 /J_/J /4.'7 /4 2- $' 26:t:? ~s :f..!,$ tJ.tJ / ?. j' '--1 /J. .1 :21).tJ J' 2,., !? /1.5 f?j Mi tJ.o a tJ /J 120 t?.O /JI) CJ ,:;, ,:;, /}/} t:l. L) ~-0 /1,n I / t. /4. 'f /4. '7 1.1.¢ /} /} tJ a~ /J,O /J,/J tJ () /J tJ /J I JJ./J /J.t') l,1.0 /J t) CJ /J.t'J ao 0/7 Clo .J' tJ ? 14/l,/J JJ () l'-'An 3 tJ ..1 It,,; OJJ /1..5 /lt) /) (J ,, /}() tJ, t? O.tJ 0 0 0 /J,tJ CJ, CJ /J, /J ld4a 2.. 0 L, /$J t?.o /f..J ,;- 0 !> 2/J.i tf).O 1fJ. I ',1 () tJ 1'- :Z, /JO ,tr lf.J / 0 / 4, I 4tJ .(/I /()(). /() 5" /,:°' II.I.-; H.J VCJti ;t; 5 2c/ '7f 1. f!LJ.i la?, 1,~ 2. Number Per Cent Number Percent Total r.;ertain Ooublful Total Certain Ooubtlul Total Certain Oooblful Total Certain Ooublful Tot~ It/.! 20 ,.2,, :tt /./,I ·75 1/),9 19. I // 9 2.0 '1.1. 5.P IU 1?1. ~ //4 ,, /> .U /tJ.5 /.1. I 1ft 1/J,tJ 1 !J_ 5 J?.O I..J' :J! I/Jo I / 2., ,1. ., ,J.7 ,II' /). () / I t, ,??' d?' /~ ,.5 ~ 0 ., 5:t. ;J /) 5:t. LJ.O ,I,, 0 ~ 1.9 tJ.O .l.9 2!.S g~ /J .'e:; ??.9 /J. tJ 12.9 9.5 .,,. .:t, '7 CJ /.S ✓,,. la?. I//J~ ,t/-;, ;r:;-; ltU J't:7.7 vtJa


=== Page 209 ===

Evaluation Certain 0-Balloon ?/ 1-Astrommical /,, '}_ 2-Aircraft ,;5 3-LightPhenom. g- 4-Birds 2.. $-Clouds, Dus~ et~ ? i-lllSUffic.-.fo. ¥5' 7-Psycholo&ical '}_ 8-UnMo.. ///,. 9-0111.. .f2. I Total ,fo i Evaluation Certain 0-Balloon .2.. l·As1ronorllical 9 2-Airaalt 7 3-Liat,t Pllew,m. .0 4-Binls /) S-Clouds, Dus~ etc tJ 6-lnsuffic. Info. I,, I-Psychological /J 8-Unkno.a //J 9-0tfler J Total f1 E//AU/Ar/fllV ,ZF O$JE¢-r_~~s::~¼=N~u~i':~ti1=b~S-~6_,_~=\E'-__,c.d~1--t-..____,0 ...'E-~'tf~.e~s-_____ Av ,SpAA# ,,-,,: a1:;v£t!-r" .SH/9,PE A//?T X7'4TcLJ 11«- r/c,,,,es ,;:,,L/'-? , /9,/P' /9(/f' bber Pe,C01I N"'ber Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain DoubtM Total Cer1ain Doubtful Total Certain Doulrtful Total ?R ,,-9 //1 $4 //4' I tl I St? 4tJ ~o 5 2- 5' /.7/.. 9. / 2.2.? /J tl t? /J./,J ,!2r,J /J/J d? lltl-V I/!. tJ ff.I .tt?.1 ✓ / _,< ;/'('/. K/1 ?G,",? t? .f 3 '/7.tJ 1ft. 11.?.t. /L L.? ?6 f.J.1 ~./ 1.9.4 .11 'J?L /,?.7 t..cJ 4.l I / :2, ,.tJ .;'/J /(J./J l 0 3 1,t_L. /JIJ /ft, d / 5 1/.I 11. x' /.J. 9 0 g /. I, /J.t? /. t t? t? Ll /J/J 17.t? tJ.tJ 2. tJ :z. fl &ltJ f. I t? 0 t? t?tJ /J/J /ltJ / ~ /J.d dft tN tJ t? t? /J.tJ /J/J ,:J.tJ tJ I I tJ./,l 4(5 {/ 5 /J /J Cl ao /7.t? '1/J tJ ~ ,vi /JtJ e1. ✓ /J tJ tJ ,a tJ t:?.tJ t:ltJ /J n tJ t2t? tJ.LI /J/1 0 /J tJ t?t? t?O LJ.0 0 9g lf.tJ /J /J lf.t? J /J ✓ 2t?tJ t? tJ f!l)tJ 'f /J 7 Vil /20 .fl.S' (I /J // I// ,?./J I/. I I .? 1124 ll. :2, tJ.tJ, I tJ / 5.tJ atJ 5:tJ /,J I? ,:l /,J/J ao 4.tJ !7 0 tJ tJ.t? ,:J,tJ t:l.Cl tl //t- ff_,; ,f!/,J 22.5 < /] s- 25"t? 11.t? f,;-:t) / ;? I 4(5 t:?.o ¢.,; CJ tJ tJ d.tJ /J/J C}tJ 5 .?? I .t. 2: I.I/ 7.1! cl. /J Z lit!tJ Cl-tl /tJ.&1 tl /J 0 at? /ltl ell'? 2. /,J ?, 5:d. ,?.t'/ s:t. !OK !>/t 17?.I M.f lt7t'- I&' 2, .Zo l?tW 1/titl /t?tl. It. 6 22, [ft? 215 la7. 2. 2. /f' f(, ,!,/./ .J£9 /al /q,,_,,, /¥5"/ /P5fl., Number Per Cent Number PerCa,t N111mer Per Cent Nuober PerC01t Doubtful Tot.al Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtlul Total pertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Cer1ain Doubtlul Total ( J'l ✓ .1 2. '2- .t.5 cJ / I t?/J ?.;' 2.g 25 -?d 4'? 1. 2, t.! 1</.1 .f ;Z, /9. f, /,._,< '2t./ ,/} 6 I/. 2,1.? Is_ t, J't.5 ,,,,,. /L d..? ?: !l {(,:, /2.<' 5 I Z, 15:t 1/J 9 21,./ 2-- .z ;/ I/< {-'.S- !.tJ 19 1':t, La 1/J_ 9 £.J' 112, /J tJ I) t? /] /J /J/J I tl I 2-.J /J.tJ .1.J' 5 ,? 5" /</ tJ.tJ I/¢ /,) tJ {l./,J /J /) ,,, ,., ,? /J (J /Jt? /J/J ~/} ?. 17 .z, I,?,/. /J.tl /J L. 0 /J ,,,,,, ,117 "10 /J ,? tJ /2 /J /J /J /]/] z.. ,,, $ It? ,r. /10 ,a~ tJ /. 11.tJ t?O 11'.tl d' I? /,/ ?. I tl.t? t;_/ -,"f n 7'.f !?/,t) /J,O 2/./, 0 o lo.o /111 tJ.O / 0 / 2s /2/} 2 ..1 /J I I l2tJ /JJ' /J.1 /J ltl 2/.7 tJ.0 2/.7 ;J' tJ /J' 2N t}.() :2f.5 lt7 tJ $1 t!i".t> t'.J.tJ 2~t, tJ .7 ,r..s- O.tJ 1 ... 5 d I? </ ?. I /J/J f. I :2 / ~ 26 £.CJ f.U -7,d 9 4~ l~t?~ /4,t I/JO. ..15 9 #' 11?.,;' &J,5 /t'(J. 4i',,; t 1' Ni' fi'/1,,: 19.,; lltJtJ. 200 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 210 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i tli&'.LE ALL fEA/i"S Number PerCEflt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain 0-Balloon 9'i .n /'10 ,7/,4 l,l..4 J.!.1 ti 1-Astionomical 41 .J3 111 9.'1 "1.'I 111 J () 2-Aircraft ,t.'! l'i 10 7,() 4.t, JU 0 3-Light Pha1om. 4 3 7 /LJ IJ.1 l,'1 t) 4-Birds tl 0 (J £1,,1, 0.0 L?,(I I) S-Clouds, Dus~ etc. d (, /() I.P J.(J .2./ 0 6-tnsuffit.lnfo. -2, 0 .2-6 L..; 0.(l ,.~ 0. 7-Psyd1olo1ical II / I :l ,,1.L o., ,U 0 8-Unknown 71/ 0 19 /1?.o /In 'Jt/.o t) !I-Other /J 7 2a 3./ /.1 4.8 b Total .296 /.2-t) 411,, 1'7/.2 ~fl /PP, 0 /9 ro Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0-Ballooa ,t' e, j ,i,_4 0.-" t,_4 A I-Astronomical .1- 0 J 11'1 0,/1 :J:1,7 .:l.. 2·Aircraft " 0 Q o.o 0.(} /1,0 I 3-Liiht Phenom. D 0 0 1),0 0,0 ,, 0 " 4-Binls 0 0 j t) 0 0 O PO t) 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 0 0 ~ 0,0 "-" O,o ,1 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ~ 0 ..t. i1.I ,, 0 9/ I 7•Psyctmlo11ical l 0 3 /.3-6, "·" 11.H ,. a.unknown ., 0 2, 9.1 0(1 14.1 .,· 9-0ther ,7 ,..2 :z. 0.0 9./ f/.J 0 Tot~ ;;io .:2 ~~ tf/p_(j '1.I ii()(/, /3 .SPE.-A.5 ALL ~ARS Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0.Balloon 4? .J 0 19 19A 1/.i JI, I I-Astronomical _.,.:t ~) liq. 9.1 8.3 11.4 t1 2 4 Aircraft Jo ~1 If 3 '1.'1 9. I 17.o /) 3-Liaht Phenom. ,!) .3 1 IJ.O /.~ /.2 0 4-Birds I.. I 7 ~4 IJ,4 2A 0 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ .r ..2 7 :Z.o o.r :u· 0 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. r 0 a ~-' /)., u (7 7-Psycoolo&ical ,;}.. 0 l 10.I tJ.O /JI 0 8-UnknoMI 49 0 'f9 Jq.3 tl.O J(Ja tJ 9-0ther S' 4 I 1. 3.1 u. 4-, / Total 170 Bil IH'.a ti,.~ 3J./ /PO, .2. /9.ro fmmber Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ic;ertain 0-Balloon .r I ' 11... 3.d. -1(),/,. ) I-Astronomical I 0 I 3.4 (),tJ J.~ 0 2-Aircraft ( 0 ' .:Jn,1 0.0 :I.IJ.' I :1-Liiht Phenom. p 0 0 t).O 0.0 1),0 C) 4•Birds p 0 0 0.D D.11 "· 0 0 5--Clouds. Oust. etc. 0 0 0 o.o "" 0.0 0 6-lnsuftic. ~lo. I 0 I JJ o.P .3.4. " 7-Psyd1olo1ical ,P 0 0 o.o 0,0 o.O b 8-Ullkno• 14 0 I# 4,(_~ 0.0 ,J.f~ .:l.. JOthe, / 0 I .H t1.0 J.t2 0 Total 18 I .29 9t.4' ,M /Pt:7. If Number Doubtful p .2 0 0 0 (II 0 0 0 0 .a Number Doubtful 0 3 I 0 .o 0 0 0 0 0 (f ,.,~ Number Do!Dtful () () 0 0 0 0 e, 0 0 0 0 Number Doubtful ,::, ' 0 0 0 0 0 0 b 0 I 19 d7 l<i 4.f /9 4-9 Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 P.P ,_,, /J.O .5 I 'I ,;(~., '1.1 1~, I 0 I 4.o /J.() ,l.o ~ /JO ,~. ~ IM, ,d_ I !l Jo.I 1 . ., I.H' r ,; /7 ~~.o 1/,(I /.i,t, Q IJ.O ()_p l},(J () (J Q o.o /J.O LJ.o I I ;A. 4o d.l.J l.o 0 O.o QO '1.0 ~ 0 0 ,I) () t),O 00 ,:? () D ,.,_. /) 0 /) 0 0 ,n,-, 0.,:? 0." J!J 0 p 0. I) P.O 0,0 " 0 0 O.o d,O 00 0 () 0 On Q,0 0 0 0 ,.o 0,,., o.o 0 0 () /J 0 "" ,,,_., () 0.0 0.0 O.o .:l. 0 i J.l'.4 t).o 1.r.4 .:, 0 .2. l.o 0.0 !lo ~ ,, ~ o.o O.o " ,, 0 /)~ t).(l O.o / 0 I ,10 o.o 4o 0 0.0 t:JO o.o 0 0 4 ().0 O,,:? tl.O J 0 :).. 9.P ,0,0 Se1 0 o.o o.o lo.o I I 2. 1.1 1.7 /DI- d 0 tJ /},,, 0.0 0 O ,;z O.o /NJ.I) Vell'. ,o 3 /3 1d ,u., /6',? If ,o ,,,2J WJ.o ,/o.o 1100. / 9..rl /'1 r2 Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Numbor Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 'f I.. U.J r7,, -'•-~ 1.5 .r-o /J~ ~1.1 14.i a1.J ) 1/.8 /1./.. 11? ,J, .,,., /£' 1/0 l.s .(3 J/.3 A J"(j .!".9 11.K .;17 17 l;if Jo .J'o /3.t 0 tl.1 /).0 no I 3 7 /,,2 I) 9 .v 0 A() /J,O (J t) 0 0 0 ().() 0. 0 0.0 0 IJ., II 0 0,t) 4- ' lo 1...2 l.f .l.O I .r:;; O.o .r.9 /4 e, " ..r:t. /1/J .r:1, 0 0.0 /J,, P.o 7 I B .2 I o,E 14 ~ ~/1 0.0 24.4 7tJ 0 70 .:J/J,i t7.IJ .:J/J9 0 (J.d rJ A ao I~ 4 It, .!,I:, l.:l 4.S /7 1/..S ;1.3..r /(/(), :,38 'I 'f !~7 i1P.G ~9.¢- /00 .S-(teHT«IIG S: E& d" J/.e,?£5 If// ,-,4 EtZr.5 LeSS -UAA/ /1A,£ -- ..,,, ,rs ,.,,<:.,,_ u/1//R H?~? /9 4,,( /qt'2.4 Per Cent Nuntler Per Cent Number PerCml Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I .ro...i /).(J _,..,,,, JI ,l /0 .J1 I. L.~ ~4-:; I 4 s di'.> Jl.o l.hJ.o tl /J..O 0.0 ,o r 1 I l 11.2 ,<4,I 4U x' J- 13 :f;i 0 )p,O .1'2.0 tJ 11.o P.o P.O I I ;t .3.4 _g_4 LA ,., __, ~ /J,d Jo ,_,, (7 tl.o O.o "·" ,f) 0 0 /) /1 ,IJ,(} LJ.o t:? 0 0 0.0 O.P O.IJ ti /),., II. 0 11,p tfJ ~ () ,,,., (Jtl 0.0 p 0 0 17.0 Pon ,., ,., () (/;, tJ,d 11'1 ~ 0 D /J,/1 o.o /}" (7 0 0 (), (J (JO tJO j ~,, I),, /1,/1 I ,., I .U1 /J,O .3.4 I p I 4.o 0.0 4o tJ P.IJ ()" tl./1 I/) 0 0 ,!J,(} 0.tJ /I.I> () 0 0 ,,,,., /} (I 0.0 t) tJ.t> 0.0 0.0 / 0 I J.4 I) 0 1d s 0 3 /:J,.O IJ.O ,,~ 0 J S'O.o 0.D ~o.d (7 .3 3 ().() lp.,3 /11,? I 0 I .:Jo 00 ltJo ;t /()/(~ ,!l,() I/....., I I, /3 ,:Z&/ .r.r:2 14.I /1)0 1 'f I( .:2.r s(.o 44.o VPP. /9 J7 /9.1-..:? Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I -?M IJ.0 ,,,,,, j',$ ;1.J $'6 2tJ.I /4.11 1~, I 1),0 ~0.IJ 120.0 q I 17 f.J ,t,tl ,,, '1. I i.:/1.0 "·" 1..71.o 1.2. ..20 3 2 7.3 /,2 ..,;i /9.f 0 n.o /J,(J 11'.> c, (J ~ 3 0.0 J.l /,K 0 o.o O.&J 0.IJ t I 7 .! 1 0,1,, 1/,3 () 11,0 "-" fJ. 0 .r ..2. 7 .3.IJ I~ t/. ~ 0 O.o I)_ 0 0.0 .r 0 ! 3.o o.O .J.o 0 O.o n- ,.o ,.l_ 0 l b tl,0 I., :l 4o.o 0.0 ktn.o ol'I 0 l? /'1,1 0.0 17.1 0 IJ.O P.o o.o J- I t .?o 0.1, .?., ~- itJ.o h.O 1/,:v., IO/, f8 I/IA 14,t. J.U //Jt), 201


=== Page 211 ===

1i/A'LE dt?:j t2F -£1.t.. $;,"#="·"' />C /14..J_.A_,S" /7,41£ ALL. VcA.R5' Jtl ¢7 / tmmber Pa Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon P<'t /O 3(. i.:1 J.:J lid , 0 3 Jh tJ.fJ /J:o l•AstrollOlllical d. /'1 15 S-.c. ,_,, JI.() " a 0 ~.O /J.O /1.b 2•Aircrlft ?.2 JJ- 107 "J:J,J JJ.o n.1 I 0 I J:o () 0 .r.o 3-Liflt Ptienom. d 2 ' I>. 0.1. l'i I 0 I J~O 0.0 .r.o 4·Birds b I I 0.tJ o.~ "-~ p 0 Q tu, ,,,., /1.() S.Clouds. Dust, etc. " ,.2 ~ tJ.IJ lJ, t. I.(. " b 0 ,,,0 /)./) ().0 6-lnsuffic. -.a,. a?t 0 21 ,~ o.o J.:, I 0 I J'.o ().0 J:o 7-Psydlolo~CII 6 2 f 1-'i o.t. ,U J / ~ J:o J:o 10.0 .._ rr 0 iJ 1-2.7.8 0.0 .n., // 0 I I .(.('_o JJ.() vr.o ~Iller ? I p 7-, o.~ JS I e, I J:o O.tJ J:o Tobi 2'15 7l .J/1 1'17.'~ ;l,:,,7 lnA, /</ I .u, l~:o f.O /()IJ. /4 ..ro /9,.r-/ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Enluation Certain OOllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ootmtful Total Certain Doobllul Tollll 0-Mloon I, I 1 17.(. 2.9 2Af ,iZ. 0 ,:? 1~3 /)./) Id~ 1-A-ical I 3 4 2-'f ~.! II? I I .:J 7.1 1. I 11,(2 1-Airaafl ~ 0 /,. /7,(. LIO 111. 4--- I .r .:Jfl 7. I t,:1 HiJjlll'll<nom. 0 0 0 t)() 0.0 ().0 0 a 0 t1.tJ o.o o.o 4-Birds 0 0 0 /J.Q 0. 0 n.o 0 0 n 00 O.P IJ.O 5-Cloud~ Dvs~ et~ (l 0 0 O.o 0.0 ,, /I I) CJ ,:, fJ.0 O.o O.p 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ~ 0 ..r /4.7 P.O 141 0 " () 00 00 0.() 7-Psycllalo~cal I 0 I .:l.'1 tJ." ,,:, t) () 0 O.o L) 0 o.o 8-Unkno• /o 0 /0 .29.4 tP.n ?4/l 4 0 4 :79& o.o '1"1. ~111.. (l / I tl.0 ,u F'I I 0 I 1/ 0.() '1 I Tolll 1'! 5 .N f.J~~ /4.7 JOO. I .2- a /4 in 14.3 /pp E V/li-fi!lUt?I/I SPecn < /7,;:- /141.e:1rs ALI... YE,4R<' /941' Number Percent Number PerC"11 Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tot.al Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ootmlful Total Certain Doobtful To!lll ~Balloon ,,u ~/ rr 3..:i 4.1 13 I 0 I .:?./. /J /1 1[ 1-Astronomical 9,f 74 17.Z 13. I ?.9 ,..;J,e, /() 4 14 11£.3 /OJ I.JL.i 2~Aircraft /0/ 9<1. 1<11· I/{ .r /:l..f' .2L.o () 1 :l /J /1 J":.~ ,-~ 3-Li&hl Phenom. 7 4 II IJ.9 /!).,J 1.4 t7 0 tJ t)p i/7.0 0.11 4-,Birds ..r ~ 7 0.1 ti.-~ I.£ 0 0 0 ...,~ 0.0 D.o 5-Cloud~ Dvst. el~ I 0 I "·' 0.0 0.J 0 () 0 ,.,,., /J.I) O.t? 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .r4 0 .r4 '/..:1. tJ.O 1:J. .2 0 ~ J:3 /?.O .('j I-Psychological 7 .-l /0 t?.9 0 4- 1.3 tJ I I P.O .t /_ :J.t. S-Unkno111 1.214- 0 2,d .:lf.J ao 1f C I.~ 0 /.~ l~(.2 t!J.O I.M2 9-0lher ,11 4 .3 I .H t).J" tJ.. I ./ 0 J' 13.:I. 11.0 lh2 Total nr :i,2 li'fo 1/.1 ~J.3 Inn "3/ 7 ..Jt JJ.(. lf.4 /PO. /4fo /9J7 tmmber PerC"11 Number Percent Evaluatioo Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total i:;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon 4 0 4- 71 t7. t) 7/ I I ,:t 'JI JJ J'o 1-Astronomical J 4' II u. IL I /(J' /.'! J 11/. J,2,J .l.I l.1'.7o 2-Aircraft 'i d /3 111..1 7./ .,~ ") ¢ '7 t. Jn.o fo /J~o 3-Li&fl!Phenom. " 0 () ().b n,, o.o I D I ,l,J ,.o ~.r 4-Birds () 0 0 0.0 o.o O.tJ ,., 0 ,, ,.,,., n.n b,0 5-Clouds, Dus~ el~ 0 0 0 on 11.0 0.() 0 () 0 00 l'J.0 o.o 6-lnsaffic.11113. , 0 7 /~.J bf) IJ.r ,') ,., 0 0.0 ().0 0.D 7-Psydlololical 0 0 0 tJ.() o.o 0.0 () I I o.o ..1.J· 2.r .._ /7 0 /7 .Jo.4 ,.,,., .1.4 n 0 /3 J.1,J IJ.0 h. J ~ .:z ..2 ¢ ,J. {, J.I, 7.4 3 " J '?J' ,.o '1..- Tolli II I I~ .rt. n.~ ~L.i /,1)/J 35 S" 14-o i?J /,2.J' I= 202 u,,A,A"eP -r-(7 .,:-c7"'"" /94,t Number Per Cent ~•rlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I r ' 4.3 ~,. 1 11'.o .? I LJ l?o A.~ 11,!, 4 I S 11.4 tf..~ .,~.., I I ;t. d1 4,.3 Fl' t) I I /J tJ 4.~ 4~ 0 tJ 4 11.IJ O.t!I 0.0 ,2_ 0 2. .K.1 /J.O .K 1 " 0 0 tJ.o i!),tJ DO 3 0 '3 J.1.0 0.0 JJ.tJ " 0 D 00 P. 0 00 /J./ ,, ,l:3 IL.._o/' ~9./ Ila> /~ r;:1. - Per Cent ertain Doubllul Total Certain Doubtful Total /,;/. 4 I~ t.4 2.1 ;,. I/ /0 :,, ,J",f/ J' .3 J/.2 ..; .,J7 7! l..27.3 Jtl.4 41.1 ,,l.. I .3 I./ tu.- II. " 0 p /),I) P.O () 0 0 ;;, ,) (l.D I. I II /p 0 /0 ~~ /)0 J'3 ,,_ I f ,V t1..r J., 4? 0 ld7 ,<J:J t!l.o IH:1 .r 0 .r .?-7 o.o ~-1 /Ill tH /11 :1[4 ..14. I ,,,,, ,,.,,E.e Cr>p_,e L/,M,Ade,0 /94P Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,;t.. .r 7 4" /0.o No 1 ? JtJ ld,o /4.o ).f" .J ~ .r I.., 4.o lo.o I ..j 4 J.o (.o 2.o I I , ~-" ~.d 4o /) L) 0 P.o 1/.0 tJ.o ..,- 0 _(' In.~ n,b /(JD /7 0 0 /) () 0. 0 o.o J/ t? JI ~7.D 0.11 Ho J I ..t. J.o :Jo 4,, Ji If .ro /.,J.D .3,f,o /()() /t;J-:J Number Percent r.;ertain Ootmtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /{,. 24 4D 3.:1. 4.i .I 0 (.:J .:lf 9/ 12.7 s.t. l2~ 7<i 71 JJ'{. Jc-4 /1'.J JI¢ .;- I (, /.t? 0.2 /., ..2. () 2 o., /).() A.4 I p I &.2 /J,l'l ,,,,.., ~,- /) .J.r 1o 0.0 7.o ~ I .., I :7 0.2 1'1. '14.1 0 l1d.1· ~91 t?,O .29.1 JI- I 1J• ..u 0.? .f.<!J J" 112 l,{/Q,f 1.1.r 2, ..r /()I}. /m/A4£/J Number Certain Doobllul :z. 0 ,, 4 &, t. 0 0 " " " 0 .f p 0 0 /.~ 0 p 0 :L-9 ,o llmber Certin Dnubtfu AA'LE5 Number Certin Ooubtfu 0 I J .:ZJ & 1 ~ 0 .:2. I L) 0 .t' /) I 0 Ii 0 .'} 0 ?,If ']If Number Certain Doobllul ,(',g:,qg.e TE 0 AAU&e PER, dn,,,1 /949 Per Cent Total Certain Doubllul Toi~ :z. .r.1 £7.0 .r. I I; 11.o In.!, 1,.~ I l 1.r:4 1.r.4 Jo.I 0 r, ~ o.o 11.0 d 00 fJ.o t) 0 0 /J,o ,,_,., o.o g .:lt1.J' AO ~,.f 0 t9.o 17.0 tJ.P 13 33.3 IJ.tJ J3.3 0 ,'J.IJ (),() o.o ~9 -,,,u ,,tJ:6 /()11 Per Cm! Total Certin O...bllul Total A?F,e </r>V.12 /~ ,::fq PerCml Total Certain O...bllul Toi~ I /)_/) I:, /.r ~~ 4.4 ~L.8 14/., /.~ K.S /().!, J'i.l I') /J,O (l.(l 0.0 3 ~ .'J J..r M 0 t:J.o t).O tJ./J ..,.. -J.4 o.O 7¢ I 1..r 0.0 / . .1· I[ 22./ A (J "· I .z ,),I!/ /1,0 .2.'1 ,(,f So.o So.o IDD. Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 212 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EV11111bon 0-S.lloon 1-Astmnomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lilht Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust, etc. S-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo~cal II-Unknown 9-Dtt,e, Tot~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&fltPh..,m. 4-Birds I-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnto. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircratt 3-Lithl Phenom. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Oust, etc. 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. 7-Psycholoaical &-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2•Aircraft 3-Light Phenom. 4•Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.k!a:i. 7-Psydlo~~cal II-Unknown 9-0ther Total Certain /,) .r'J /0 p t) I 9 0 ,;?7 4-- !Pi Certain ,? 9 ,::, p 0 0 L) 0 0 0 9 Certain S;i .241 /~;z 11 $ I /?.&" 1-' ,:;:,:i. .r.1 94.J Certain /,n s/ /.f 0 0 ,!) 3,;t 0 .21 4- /,2...., £1(,?L/MrttlA/ ,;:J~ ALL S/6/t'.Tlt/lG 5 F.C?,1!. All t,(<v9,eS e,, I<'" t7. ,/ 'e,e -L/KE 'l!:eo.s /7, 'A, •&.ITS M. .,,.,,,, SP. AI-L YF.ARS /,f 4-, - /9d&- Number PerCertt Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DCRlbtful 3 3 /l.(l ,<.O ,,?.o t:) 0 t:) 0() ll.O ,l'.J.o p 0 " o., (l,(l 0,1) t:) " _/4 9/ I.U.J ».8 I~// .3 t':J .:/ lnnA ll.P /~o ' 1 13 1./1.J 4JU IIU ,fl (. ~ /;). L.i u l.o ,() 0 ,., ,,A "·" (). 0 0 0 0 nt1 ,,, ,, t?.o ,') 0 0 0 ll.O t'J.O "'·" LJ 0 0 Oo 0.0 /J.O p 0 0 &).o &J.O P,O t) 0 I I 1).0 0. 1 0.1 0 0 0 0.0 /J.0 o.o 0 0 ,.. &}(I t>.O A.0 /1 /,} 0 I o. 7 o.o I) 1 C1 0 "' /J,0 /J.O ().o 0 0 0 t).o tJ.(l 00 p 0 0 9 t,.o ,.o ,.o 0 0 tJ IJ.o o.o o.o p .0 0 ,!).I) P.O IJO 0 ,:, I J /).0 o. 7 IJ. 7 /) 0 0 o.o 0,0 0.0 t) 0 0 LJo (l. (l (l,o A 0 0 -1.7 I/I /1. 0 II./ 0 0 0 O.o P.O o.o .] 0 .4 lf.1 17.l:.l 111 /,} 0 0 4 ..l-7 An .-7.? LJ 0 " O.o 0,0 "·"' 0 0 " b.O 0.0 /).0 p 0 41 N9 I1.t.J :l!J !I/JO. .J p .3 llt1P.o tJ.o //)IJ. " 7 /6 S'o.2. 4H IAA 0 ~ /9ro /9.n /9.r.1. Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu 0 ,., IJ.O 0.1'.J 0.0 t) ,, o ;Jn ,,,,,, ,tJ,o t) ~ 3 IJ.O {/ .! I ? /;'_ [/; 4Jt /~tJ.o .J .3 C. 1,,.,_., .-1A,0 f.1.0 ,sf:, /I 41 .fL.7 /1..2. 41~ 0 0 tP.o P.P 00 ,::, 0 0 l!>.o Oo ,,. 0 /o ..1 /;J //1,.l 2. I) /~.:i 0 0 b.O "·"' 00 n 0 0 tl.o O.o IJ.o I? 0 " IJ.o /Jo 0.0 0 Cl LJ.o ()b 0.0 0 0 ,., o.o 0.0 40 t) I I tl.4' lo /0 /,) /'1 (),I) {),(I t!UI ,J 0 0 0,,:, 0. 0 11.o I 0 I /.lJ tl.O l.o 0 0 O,p CJ.o "-"' I 0 I loo 0,:) /~t:, f 0 i !.2 0. (l f.:J. 0 0 ""' o.o .o.a ,p D 0 t).O 0,.? O.o 0 / I o.o /.o /n 0 0 0.0 tJ.o O.o .,2 0 ~ ,,?o.o IP.O l.:fo.a ~:, 0 1.22 ,U4 /).O 1'14 0 0 o.,, ,1.,:, o.o I 0 I /0.0 0.0 /()O J 0 ~ J./ /l.(l ~I '1 /6 SU d~ I I//Jd '1 .3 /0 1t;o ~-" /110. f,:; It 9J' 11/1, /JI) 11,0. EVALvATl()/11 ff ALL S'/6,6(Tf///G5 'Ee I&' 'JG s "t:eD 4,,(77" r, r. 'O //LL V£,AD$ 14,1? - /' 'I .d.R Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Tolal Certain Doobtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu .r.r /.~7 {.:; 4.2 /,14 .2 e, ..7 a.~ tJ.tJ J.f 3 7 JO ti-./ 9 J- I.U /,,2 0 /lo 1.-1.,1 IP':? 112 _:; l.~..1- 19 ,:l .2.1 !t...J 3.8 !4n3 II /(, -27 l#'I .2~(,, J,.,- J'J ,➔ //J- .2.31 9..3 3 . ., 11,, I ~ I l.'I /) /} 19 t I q ltJ,J 1.4 /~, If lo /:I, ,2 9 1,3 tP.9 ,<.;J I 0 I J9 (J,0 1.9 0 ~ .? Id" 1.1 -7.' ,9 0 .r /J t!J.I. tl.4 lo p 0 ,, {1,p 0.0 tl.P / I ., 1.4 1.4 .J.k '!7 0 3 ¢ O.I tl.~ If)., p 0 () ,!),;? P.0 0.0 0 0 0 0 tJ /1, (J lo.o 0 0 (J l/7J' /{~ L?.O n3 II 0 I/ ~I. I o.o 21./ q 0 9111.~ /JO 12,:i_ ;;}(J 0 3 /J' tl.9 o.~ I.I ;) 0 ..1 ,J.i ".O .u I 0 I I.¢ "- (J 1.4 I 0 0 23.2 1/7.t. 0.0 /1(. ~ 0 ,, '1.1 ,, 0 11 9 0 9 J,;l,;/. (1.0 1/,2.,2 ,;13 0 19 1..2 4.o 1.4 -<'.4 /0 .. lo /4,.1 P.O ,4,,. ;l .-? r 2,- 4./ Lk I (J !31,? I.J/J 171.1 :u 3 h,n .J"p .:2 S;z. qf.1 u )/)/), IL.d :/n 14 .f'1.J 4tJI IM>. /~9 ,,.,, /t?,1p /,?_,-1 l'/r:i. Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful .J - /.r t.1 {4 ll'J I .2 _q J' i. 7 ~/ C.J 53 ,,1.o 93 -u [4 12., ' 31 l,20.I 4.o i.24.i t, J 14 It Ju.I /,1/i /j(J 4[ 1(.4 /t,;J. (, ,/ .,, ; // 29 J..l.l '1.4 1111. .r ( d I() .v J:4 /;I.,- '1 I .2'i /tD 97 12 I .,,, ,fl 0 0.IJ /),;:J 1/.o I I ~ ii 1¢ 21 IJ 9 -14- 2 tJ /.2 "-~ 0 p 0.i, tJ.o ,'J_(J 0 I I (1.0 14 14 .r 3 2 P.7 "4 I. I 0 0 O.u 0. 0 /).0 0 p 0 P.~ 0. () /),t, I '~ 4 IJ.I IP.¢ .,, - 0 34 l.nJ IJ.(J H.f /;l. 0 J.1 Jt..., O.o 11.~ g9 0 29 /:l.1 "· (I l..l./ 0 0 ,t),, P.o 0.0 I 0 I I.¢ O.o L4 7 d /,:) /.o ,9 ¢ 1.4 0 i.. U /l,2 tl.o I.I.~ ~" D ~t J'J~ J P.O !~~ I 1/.,1.,i 0 1'1, 19. ~ O.b )I/.!, .:l 6 J,J 13 ti. 0 $ 0 .3 4./ O.o 4.1 ..2, Fl d,., 3.r J,q IS-4 2# 141 1.H it.I /0(). .!'1 17 7~ 171.0 23.0 /Oil. ~fl l..1'06 1.J~ 71.f :zi.l (/){), 203 /9 <t,; Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total ,:, ,G,&) ,O,(l L!.t:> t P.&) /p(J,O ;..,,,_,, e, ,.,, /) 0 "'·" p &!.~ t).0 0,0 e> IJ."1 (l.0 a.o ,,, ,tf).O ao ;!Jo 0 (P.,:, o.o ,!Jt) 0 Ao (J" "·" 0 ~"' ,,,,, o.o 0 d.O "·"' OD ' !,fJ_t, /<'O,(I 11,0. PerCmt Total Certain Doobtful Total 19 d.ti PerCmt Total Certain Doobtful Total n J'.-4 0.0 fl /_#() I ?z.-? :l,5'.f .5'9J ,, 1.K d.3 /.1.J d tJ /) o.o ao 2 tJ_q ,fJ lJ /J.'1 0 tl.o /) ,, /JO J/J u, O.tl .l.&, I &'1 /JL7 ,r;4 l..23 CJ,:j /JO qq ,f ;,,4- /J, t) 3.4 I;?~) ,rq_q 4p.J /PO. PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful Total


=== Page 213 ===

s,-,i!:<=" -,e /Jl.?Jt.11!1-..- ALL ✓ _,Alf'S I~ 47 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certaia Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttal 0-Balloon 11 Ar /IL ,,tp,/, /J./ ,,_., :, I) 0 ,tJ ,P,, tJ.(J I-Astronomical ?L ;uf. L,, /p,J '1.o ''" 0 ,.? :J AA 1..... 2-Aircraft ~J /7 IJJ.. 7.1 ,f,t.J /~ ~ t:) 0 tJ R.o (10 3-Li&hl Phenom. 4- 3 1 /;;, /) q :I.I 0 /'J tJ P.D "- 4•Birds 0 0 () t}IJ 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 /),,, Ot:J 5-Clouds. Dust, etc. I 4 .f 0 . .3 /:2 I.S t:J /'J t:J f?.o t),o 6-lnsuffic. Info. ,.1/,. 0 :u. 11.. /) I} 7~ 0 t:J n tl./J /) I} 7-Psycholo&ical " I /0 .:u, O..? :z.,:; 0 0 0 ,(J /} tl. tJ 8-U-wn L? 0 6:i. !lo J?o '°-" 0 0 0 #,;? /J t:7 9-Qtt,e, 10 (,, lb ,< q /1 "·' b t:J () tP. () l.o Total 2.111 1100 J4.f 170'1 .:19./ l/dd. ti :i. ..:? tl.P /pt/.P /&;'[L? /9J-/ Number Per Cent Number PerC01I Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful 0-Balloon /,, 0 /,., ? ,·,1 0.0 l:!S" 3 3 0 3 :lro 0.0 1-Astionomieal S' 0 J- 1'1Q_L1 /JO I:, 9.~ ,., I 3 //...7 R.3 2~Aircrafl /) 0 0 IJ.O ,,~ 0./'J I I .J ,u f.J 3-Lieht Phnm. 0 0 0 /J 0 /) 0 O.r, 0 0 C} /J.~ o.o 4-Birds 0 0 h tJ 0 0.0 lJ,I> t!) 0 0 /J /) "·,., ~Cloud~ Dus~ etc t!) 0 0 () 0 C? 0 0,D tJ 0 0 0,() I) 0 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ..l 0 :; //j 0.0 11,r, I 0 I f. a /).0 7-Psycholo1ic.al I 0 I .r<? o.o .?.9 () 0 0 t) 0 tJ. 0 8-Unkno111 ,.2 0 ~ 1/l /J,/J ti. '1 ~ 0 .J ~ :r: (),(I 9-Qtt,e, 0 I I tl.o _(q _("q t) 0 0 t:J.o (), (I I Total /(., I 17 94.I J~9 /()() /t) 2 I~ H~ 1/7 Ei(ALIH9rz(JIV SP!:E05 ~& c7,-, -e-r~ Au YEARS /94? , Number Per Cent Number PerC01I Evaluation Certain DOlrbtful Total Certain Ooomtlul Total Certain Ooomtful Total Cawn Doobtful 0-Balloon 47 .27 '/// ?~4 n ..t 11,,1 I 0 I fo.o 0.0 I-Astronomical ,;l,:, II ~J t:J.a .!'4 11<.~ 0 0 " tJ.O ()_ 0 2-Aircrafl /l Al <(9' i,f ID-2 11'1.o 0 0 0 ,!J,(I • 11. o 3-Liit,tf'llenorl. 0 .3 ~ OIJ / J' I.J ~ ,i!J (} 11.o 0.0 4-Birds .3 I r/ /,.!,' tJ..J' :, n e, 0 0 "·c; " () ~Cloud~ Oost, etc / I ~ /JI P ..( i. (} 0 0 ,IJ 0,/J 0 () 6-lnsuffic. Info. (. 0 c .7.'i ,, .,, 2.9 t1J D 0 Q.o 0.0 7-Psytholo&ical ..;l.. 0 ~ /.1:J P.o I.O 0 0 /J t),t:J IJ. () 8--• .J3 0 ?3 11,I_; 0.P IL 0 0 0 t!J.o (l,0 9-0l!ler t .3 II 3.'1 /.j' r., / C I W/1.o tJ.o Total I/JS t. 7 .?o.r t13 3.1..? /~. ;1 0 ,? 11-,, ().b /'1.ro /<9..o - PerCenl Number Per Cenl Evaluation Cawn Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Geftain Doubtful Total Certain Ooomttal 0-Ballooo <I I ,< :l/. I f.3 ,,.• / n / l.:IJ'.() A.I) 1-Asln,nomical / 0 I .r.J ti.II ,.('3 () I / ,,.,,, ;lf.d 2-Airaafl .r 0 ,< l:lt.3 ,,,,, ~/11 I 0 / 1.1'..r.o P.O 3-Liij,t Phen011. 0 0 I) P.o tJ.o ti /'J D 0 (I ,9.() ~,.,,., 4-Birds 0 C 0 ff.,j ,1./l O.fl p 0 0 P.o .n- Hlouds,Oost,el<'. 0 0 II /?A o.11 a.lJ 0 0 () Q.(J d.fl 6-lnsuffic. ■ lb. I 0 I ✓ .J ,,_() .[• p 0 () 17,0 Q.o 7-Psydrolo&ical 0 0 0 o.d tNJ t?./J 0 0 tJ 10.0 o.o 8-- ' 0 ' 31.l ;, t) ~/.{. / Q I ':lro 4.o 9-0tl,e, / 0 / J~ 3 /I /) r• 0 0 I} LJ.t) /J. () Total JS I /4 141.7 r.3 Im .J I t1 '1r.o :u:(I 204 r-..,-.o-r/t:)_A ·AA <,/ /4dP Number Per Cent Total [.;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain ()0 .:I. I .~ 1Jl 7 f 1 ~,,b I :,,,,,.,, 4- I .r 1, ~ H 1/J.6 s P.D t) 0 n 111,0 O.D ,u I ll.O /J 0 0 On 0 /J /J,I p (l,0 t) 0 0 Po /'J.0 1,/J 0 17.o tJ 0 0 o.o IJ.O 1).1 I) (/,(J ,2 0 J IL.7 ,!J,(I k.,) j tl.O 0 0 0 o.o 0.D ,,,,, I OP (!) 0 0 /J/'J 0,0 (J,() ,;l, ,P.() I I :i.. f.3 s.~ V''-t. t) /tip, 9 3 l.:Z. 7.1':tJ ,t.r:o ;-,,,, 12 /! '.r ;l Nunter Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubttal Total Certain ,,_r,. 59 4+ /0$ .?o.'I /,D- ~,.~ :JS.() 7/7 I.<'" J.r '1 I J:.~ J_j ·" IC../,, ,,,2.3 If 15 fU .r.3 n 'ti /J.6 4- .? ? N I. J :J .. < 0/l 0 0 0 /J.(I tl.o /J /'J all I 4 J- o.4- J.4 Ur C7.:li 19 0 /9 L.7 IJ,D C..1 "·" 7 J s .1..r /J.4 ~' """ r ..r 0 rf Jtl4 1),0 /f/.9 0.0 q 4 /j J.2 Jd v.C ,- llt/1 it :1./3 IN/ $o.4 l,x) t.£_·~ 7'"#~" ,.,,,,&' ,'(/U1"Af'~,n /94-i NulU>er Per Cent Total Ceftain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain J'fJ.o I I 9ILJ.1.1 J:.3 11'7'i/ / fl.,, 4- I .-:- !~I.I J'~ IJc, t o.o / I 7 f.:/, f~ lln., " /JO 0 0 () ,l),JJ ao /)JI 0 tl.tJ 0 a 0 IJ.o 0.0 (),/j t) pn 0 .c, () IJ.tJ "0 (}/\ 0 O.o 0 C 0 41,Q IJ.O /J/l / 0.tJ " 0 /) t),(J "· () ll.d " ,0,() I 0 I J:3 tJ.o ,~ .J i..o.o 0 ~ J ~.() Jt>.S /0.~ / Lltit1 14 $ I</ 7.J,7 ;lt.3 j(lp /7 /9.r~ Nu- Per Cent Total ~rtain Ooomtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain '1ro .S:2 -'-3 c< '1'1.4 It.I l?e,.l ::,,•o q ? /C. ,U 1.9 111.., :V:o II /,f ~q '11 nl. 11Ai d.o 0 $ ~ ,.o ~-I 2./ IA.o 3 I C/ 2,/ /] - -<'.~ ,1/,(I I I ~ tJ.1 tJ."7 I~ P.o 4 ., ~ A.I /},,, A,fi o.o .l. ,, ::, /¢ 00 /. t/ 1~5'.o ,2~ "' 17~ lr4- 11.0 J.C, 0.0 J- / C: JJ" 0. 7 t/.::t /M 39 J- 4 14.3 ,,u JU I/JI /9A.Q Number Pe,Cent Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 I .f. /. dU) .{:t. s lo 279. 11f ~-.c. I ;;, [Go I.(' JI·"' 0 0 t!?.O O./'J '-1> 0 I') t!?.P tJ.o t)JJ 0 n O,o 0,0 ().('J 0 :;L JI I 0,0 //,/ e, I f(; 0.0 ,Ct. 0 .2., 1111 t9.0 I/./ 0 0 ().0 t/.0 A t, /,f 61,.7 .U.? ,,.,, Number Pe,Cmt Ooubtfu Total Certain Ooobtful Total ,.,., . ,,:5 /?&,. V/7,1/ 19,1..a Number Per Cent Ooubtfu Total Certain Ooobtlul Total ..2 .~ [t II I lt:7 .2 y tn JI.I (•/.'I .7 :2 ,(JO }/ I II./ D /) l.o ,IJ 0 ti.A 0 /) "· /) tl.o tl./J 0 () n.o 0(7 /1,, 0 I .r. l 00 L':t: 0 " "1 0 0.tJ I.(} 0 .J 1/.. 7 () (I II,. 7 C I '1~ t. D.O ,rt: 6 IJ LL? JJ.:/ /tJtJ. - PerCent Ooobllul Total Ce,tail Ooubtlal Tolal I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 214 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I till/LI[ A /55' EvAL (h97?0/I/ ac (IA//r $£.Jt!a.2.lla....<u--'"'-"Al"',..,_,,s,__-",5."'61.""if-t9a..,.L.,_L_..z0 .. ;e;..,&.,,L,,_s,,__4..._,_r: _ _,,,..e.'-"c: .... e.""\2""".f!'"'r-._.e:__,..12'- <oeeo ,?,C /)AJ=J1T$ tl/1/£ - ~,, ,.,,,,,,, ,J .,,,,,,,,€,,, ,t,?/L.€<; 0&4. HOt/,? ALI- YeAH.!I /'id 7 / /9¢~ /9¢9 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtfl.11 Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0.S.lloon ..u ,f ~9' i.o 3.o /7/ .J 0 {! lf.8 /IP /~i I ,1 $" ,J.O ..?oo ,2J." t) ..1 0 ~ 27 LJ " e? 1-Astmnomical /6 /? ·n (,, I ,.4 lh,.(" " 0 () PO ,P.p ,,,, _/ I 4 1✓ ,o ro -20,0 () .2 ~ £Jo i.? '2. 7 2-Aircratt 1,4 .n 9/ Jlf,2 /o.:i. ,v.< I () I L:2 P.t'J L.:l ,t I f ~t).0 :,:o .:u:.i: 4,. A c. 11.4 !.? ,r..1 3-Light Phenom. ,t. I 5 /J ntl. /.~ I 0 I L;i ()n L. I ,() I r,, 0.0 .r.o /) L) " LJO no ~.() 4·Birds () I I /Jo o.4 ,H ,,, 0 () /J,, O(J LI,() i!) I I I) 0 /o J~ 0 /J 0 tJ I) () 00 "" S-Clouds,Oust, etc. LJ J ,( 00 Pl (),Q ,:) 0 0 0. ti 0.0 ,o 0 t:) I) 4.o 0,0 tJ,o t!J 0 d (). I) o.o "·" 6-lnsuffic:.tnro. ),,j' 0 :?.J 4..f P.O 9.J / 0 I ,.2 (J.tJ L..:; ..z 0 2 lln.o oo /tJ.o p 0 ,I Ja.i ()O 1-:r~K 7-Psyctolo1ical I' ..7 fl J.3 /9.8 '2.. I I I :J f J L.2 a'J " " (I 0.0 0,0 0,0 0 0 () tJ.o t),O t),/) &-Unknown ,;i. 0 I,:; ,<$. .! (l.tJ 1.,," ( ? " 7 ~-8 0.0 1/?8 -2 0 .:l. /0,0 o.o I I() o .r 0 .s :J./, 7 (),0 ~/7 9.Qthe, 7 J rj :J,7 t).~ :I,, I / C, I L :1 (),0 / /'J 0 a t),IJ i!Jtl 4,o () 0 a o.o O.o ,tl,,J Total l.?t1S ,r-q .:lt4 "11.7 ;;,3 l/-v1 /[ I I/.. 93,8 L..1 .IAA Jj 7 ;?o llr.o 3f.o 1,,,,, /9 4- ,1,2, 3-1.t 11.4 /~ /9J-O /9.J'l l?.r;i Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ~Balloon I I "do 4o lo ,2. 0 _-:; Lr'A ti.a 1r<1 /CJ ? /,<;' ·1.2 /.i 9.2. I-Astronomical J 3 3 4.o /,:l.o do I I - '1. 7 7.7 IL<¢ II /() .,, u,, /..o 11..?., 2-Airtratt 6 0 C ~4., /0.0 M.o 4 ) .5 3oV 7, 7 I~.. ~ A, >-3 (, JI 1.26.9 13.f lv-1.1 J.Liat,t Pha,om. 0 0 o /Jc o.n o.o ,Q " ~ (}.o c.c /J /J ~ ) , /2 tJ.~ (. 8 4-Birds t') 0 I) /1,0 t).O (),O ,, 0 l'J ,,,, Oo tJ /, () 0 cJ -o.o tJ. (I 4~ 5-Ctouds, Oust. etc. ,!J 0 tJ t),D 0.0 0,0 p 0 0 4,0 ,i A ,.,,, 0 .2 ... 00 /,.2 J,,;, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .r 0 ,> ~"-0 (),O 120.0 () 0 0 nn O.o ciA 9 () 7 .f'.4 o.o n 7-Psychological I 0 I 4.o tlLJ 4.o 0 " (7 ,, - /J, 0 C},i, 4- I < :J.4 0 L 9.t. 8-Unkno'MI 6 0 ~ l,d,o IJ,O fZl.l,P _,? 0 '3 :?$./ tJ.o ~J1(/ )<lJ 0 .~9 23.4 0, 0 .... ~ 9-0lher 0 I / ~{) Jo do I 0 I 1.1 0.0 7 .r 0 ..s ,!,{) 0.0 ~n Total ,,;" .,:' .t.J' :kt;" ~(),P /pl), II ,z /3 l.fd.l J.(4 /Ill 1111 ?tl 1(1 1'1l.o .l.f.o ,,.,, 1/ldLE /llS6 EV,(LllliT@AI PF tl&tr 'Lf~t,lrt/1/(;, s t'"EEII< ~"'" ,,,A =/J-r.$ t1//es11, """"~ /rrn/1.d&p ,.,,,,t..£S LJPo ,,.,,,,,,,, ALL YEAR!' /''47 /9d1' lt/49 Number Percent Number PerCmt Nunler Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Do•btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ,,;,,., ,,Jo YtJ .n 3.3 L.t. I {) I ..<,q tJ 0 .? 9 I I ;; _7C, :J q J;"Jt' CJ I I ,JJ,O l,'1 I, 'I I-Astronomical .RJ. l/ I ' I? I ltJ.fJ :!I~' (, 4 lo /7,(,, Jl.i "~"' 4 C /() J/,f 17, (. _:J~IJ 2 ..lJ 2:! 1.S )/~JI. 'ff.,:, 2·Aircraft x''J RI 1,; 114.3 13, < J?.~ p ~ ~ IJ ti .r.'1 .o .1 I ~ ti :l.'i // ,7 ' r II //,.(' 9., ~/_/ 3-Liaht Phenom. ? d 10 I.I tl,J- 1., p <:) 0 0,/J 0.0 "·" I A, _-:i1,; .['/ J .~ () 0 0 ,.,,., 00 A/I 4-Birds .J ,2 .5 or tJ.3 A,~ ~ l'J 0 0.t:J (),0 ,M J I :; 1.'1 :1 'i s. J 0 I I d.o 1,q 19 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. (!) 0 0 t?.t1 P.o ,:7,/1 {) ;,:) 0 t/,O O.o ().4 " n ,, Oo 0.0 (),{) 0 () /, t!Jo {) d ,, ,, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ,If 0 flf? 7. t; (),O '79 ..l. 0 :; ~'.9 "·" .C9 d,. C It Ill' t:J.o 1/5/ ~ ,0 .5 9. t- (),() ~c, l•Psycholo1ical 7 3 /(} )/ (!),,,{' J.C. p J I o.o ..i q 2.9 ,a 0 ,., tJ.o o.o (),() I () / /,9 0.0 /JI 8-Unkno'Mt l[.J 0 /f:'I :lD ().ti ~~/ /? ,0 /'.] 3U ,!?.() l"'I".;; "'} () 7 ;2tJ,{, O,t:J '.:I(),, '1 " r:; 11.1 (),(7 IV~ 9-0lher .tlt 4 ~() 43 0. 1 f,() .r 0 s 1¢.7 /) 0 hi:? I I .:I 2.q 2.q ,S'.'~ I 0 I Jq 0,0 l 'I Total il:T~J 114 lf.o9 'IN ,;li,/,, /(Jt) ..2"1 '1 JC/ l74d :ltJ.& 100 .22 l:Z 34 t.h JJ~_? /.:>A .24 ;U ,$",), 41..2. .J'H' /0(} /'91-0 /Yr1 /?.r:l Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !).Balloon .3 0 .'31-t. 9 .l'J.P 1. 9 I 0 I 3.4 ,I)() .1 y 14 If ·.u .f.3 4-.3 7., I-Astronomical ,2 4 ' ,0 /0,J' I.U /0 ·o /0 lur ,Of) 1U ( (.o ,l( ('// Id). ,. I 1-,,,, ~ 2-Aircraft 7 4 I/ 111.4 I••• I~ .'I I .2 ,11.u Lq :J() 'i 6/ L, J '3'1 1.r.9 J[t; 11/ .l< Hiat,t Phenom. (? 0 I ,!).t) Oo 4,,, I 0 I td ,tJ.O tH ✓ I G, /, J /J. 2 /, t/ 4·8irds /1 0 0 0,., /1,() d,/J ,,., 0 (I I) 0 Otl /J,/1 ,:; () ::, .,. l).O ,1': >Clouds, Dust. etc. 0 0 I) ~.o (),O 4,tJ ,., ,0 0 IJ.tJ O.o t),/J 0 p () IJ.0 ti () /J,/1 6-lnsuffic.klfo. 3 0 -; 7,q P.o 7,9 ,, " 0 ,P,(J (),O ti.I. ,4 0 3</ §,/ /} ti g_J 7-Psyctolo~cal 0 " tJ Oo O,o 0./J 0 I I tJ.o Jd, :u " J ? J.4 d,:J. /, (, I-Unknown // " JI l»q t),p .... ,; 7 0 7IM./ ,, ~ .,Y., ✓o, " 1,.,, ~,: I n,,., :,r I 9-0the, ,,2 ~ !I .i".~ .I~ :z l(J L. ,$ 0 ~ IM,j /J.o ,,, ~ 14- I ,~ J.~ /J,:t .H Total ?R IO .1? 'fJ.? ~t.3 /4/J ,,u _,? ..Z9 119. 1 IIJ.3 )()/) 308 /14 4;,, 113.o ~?.O 1,.-.A, 205


=== Page 215 ===

~ llt51 SPEe,o.r CJP ,.,,, -"~.S Au YE-'IHS /<14? Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Balloon ~ ,< 2 OD /.L I./.. ,(7 0 0 &.o tJ.o l-Ast10nomical 4f .1 I 7q 39.~ 12.r.d. (II,? / 0 I ;,,,,, (J.P 2-AircraH t :2 /! 4.9 IL L.I; tJ 0 ~ 00 t'J. (J 3-Light Phenom. 0 0 0 tJ.o "·" 111.0 0 0 0 0,0 0,0 4·Birds 0 , I /J.LJ ,,, 0 I (I ,n 0 0 CJ.I) tJ.o 5-Clouds. Oust, etc. I 0 I t?..I OL> /H C) b 0 L),(> (J.(J 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 9 0 q -1.d 0. 0 1.( 0 0 0 o.o 0.IJ 7-Psydl:l1ogic-al ,!l ) I p,c (J.8 ,Ul 0 0 0 b,0 b.O 8-UnknoMI /R 0 II 14.i D.o J(q /) C L7 0.0 0.0 9-0ther .3 0 3 ,,?.J- t'J.O 2,( 0 0 n l!J.D ().0 Total R[ 31 /~,Z t.'J.1 .Jo.ii. ,,,,,, I 0 I /ot!d P.o /t?Io /~J-/ I Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Evalualion Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certaiil Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Balloon t) 0 t) ~I') /J.o In o (J " ,1 ,.tJ tl.O I-Astronomical ,, ..r If tt/.J ~.r.1 I/Pt1.D ,:J J 6 1•,J .U.~ 2•Aircratt {) I') tJ 0.tJ ().0 o.O e, 0 tJ P.O /).I) 3·Light Phenom. () () tJ t)(} l).tJ 1).0 " 0 tJ tl/J (l.() 4-Buds 0 0 t) /J.CJ l).t7 Cltl 0 0 CJ o.o 0.0 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. ,:;; tl I) ti.ti IJ.tl &.P () () t1 (JO 110 &-lnsuffic.lnfo. (J "' /'J /).0 tl.O /),() ) 0 / JI.I ,, I) 7-Psychological 0 0 ;? /.J.O /J.CJ o.o () 0 11 P.o {) () 8-Unknown 0 0 .., tl.o 0 () 0.0 ;l. 0 ~ 2~,2 IJ.o 9-0ther 0 0 ~- ~o ().0 tl.o I 0 I Ill. I IJC - Total tJ J- I 4- t4-.i 5,.-, h,,, 6 .3 CJ tt.1 !3.3 IU5K .EM?//AP@I t:lF I/Alf1' .SPEG:,:Js '°"F ,.,,.J,:,-,rs ALL YEAffS /9¢7 I Nu.nber Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful TOta1 Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Balloon (,9 49 II fl L.S 4.9 117 ,,,? tJ ,,l ,1, l!P.O I-Astronomical 17q II?- !,29 I 1171 Ill 1117.~ l:J ;:z Jt1 :JI',/. J.R 2•Aircraft 9:1 n 179 9. I 36 /1.1 I t) I .l.4 P.O •3·llght Phenom. 17 II :Ji /1 I. I .2.f! I 0 I ;l.<1 IJ.O 4-Birds 7 J' 1.2 tJ. 1 tJ.f I.~ tJ CJ 0 P.O 00 S·Clouds, Dus~ etc. () 0 tJ ,, ti 0.() P.o 0 0 0 "·" tl.O &-lnsuffic.lnfo. /47 0 I'll 1I,U tl.O /Y.t: 'I I) q l..11.d /J () 7-PsycOOlogical );2 :l ;,J /.~ tJ. ;2 I'/ ;l. 0 ,,2 4.i t? t) !-Unknown 11,9 0 Jc. 9 llt.7 /J.() /4 1 4. 0 4 11.J' "0 9-0ther 3g 14 .n .u 1¢ 5' .2 9 0 ,, ;l./1 p,t) Total 17.30 .Jit'J 1/t:>/" 1-l.3 ;l 1.1 JM ldo .z. 4) W.o 4.R /9,1,:7 /9.r/ Number PerCml Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0.Balloon t J /( u 3 I 11.t ..2 .3 ..- 2.9 4.3 'I-Astronomical -14 t 30 l.2.r.o ,( .~ !ii' 1 /.. "g Id Ki, J/4 2-A,mafl /2 ., ;q 112.J" 1~ /'I.J t 4 /0 fl .r.? 3-Light Phenom. 0 0 0 1),/J t),., "'·" I / 2 I 4- J.1. 4-Birds 0 0 (l t9.o 0.CJ O.o (1 I I /J.O Id 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 0 0 0 o.o 0.CJ o.o (1 (J CJ /J () tl.O S-lnsuffic. kilo. /J- 0 /[ /J~i! 0.0 /.<Ct:. 12 0 /~ 111 t!l.o 7-Psydlllogicat C 0 0 t1 (} 0,() P.O I 0 I /4 0.0 &-Ullknown I? "' 17 117 {},"' / 7. '1 °'-2 0 ...2.2 314 tl 0 ~Other .J I a .~ I /.n £,t I .3 0 .J 4 3 CJ. 0 Tolal 1'! /1 c/6 IJ:1.3 /1.1 /110. .f3 17 70 1.r:1 :24.J 206 VGltO!l!GS rCJ,f ALL VE/4i!S A.A=r,-- _,,.,,,:::, - L_/ ,1,,, - SPee,o.s /9d2 Number Per Cent Number Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0.0 ;,:I 0 0 o.o "1 A t'J.o ,P ,(:} /p,,.o I. t. I~ d..1.'J 14-;l.'I ,u:q " ' ().D 0 0 ,:; L) 0 "'·" &I) " 0 0.0 () 0 (l IJ.o i/J.O ,1,/) 0 .,,, O.o ,I) () (l A t'J Ll.O A,1 I} 0 00 0 0 I) lfl.n /} 0 ()./) 11 0 O,o () 0 CJ 0.0 D.O A,/J () 0 o.o 0 () tJ 11.o tl.P /J,CJ 0 ~ ·o.o .2 0 .:l 14.~ 19.0 119'.'~ 0 0 (),() ,1) 0 CJ ti.() t/.() ,?.ti " 0 too. s 6 /4 ..-11 42.'f VtM, p I, /9 .r.2 Nunter Per Cent Number Tot~ ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doultfu t/.0 ~ ,< .::l ().O :1.1 .. Jc. .rr.J .fo // YI 38.1 /4./ ('.:Ji 0,0 6 ..t fl '1.1 :7.L :,(? ·" 00 0 .() () t},O 0,0 ,1.(? O.n 0 I I /J.O /.J /.~ o.c ) 0 ) /.!, 0.0 1.3 //,/ i (;) i' Jo.I!, P.O /;,,:", o.o 0 I I An 1.3 13 I'.:>;,., Id 0 /¥ /t9 P.o , ,. '1 I/// :, 0 ., :7./.. {},0 .u '111t1 6/ 17 71 1'71'7 .2/8 /ob <""E6/!J A,nr <rA ~E_,, . /q 4-P Number Per Cent Number Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu ¥'S ..z 3 ,j- 3,7 .r: C. q-, 7 0 ?~ {I 7 /2 /~ /.!.() 2,.A l?U .:v 44 2,S' 7 I .9 JJ.o J.'l ll'/.9 '7 .,_ :J.1/ 0 I I /).() /9 /9 ,? 0 0.0 I I :l /.9 14 :tli' ;i.. 0 O.o t) 0 0 ,, - O.o A/\ () 0 l:7/¥ q 0 q //..7 IJ." 1/G.7 /'] ~ t/.t I 0 I /.'9 o.o I. 9 I 0 I/.~ J.. " 4 1.4 0(} 'J,t/ 1¢- 0 JI.¥ ~ ~ .r 3.1 .1- /_ .... ~ d. 0 lt>t'- 33 ~/ .J4 {,,/I 35.9 )od '13 46 /9.r~ Number Per Cent Number Total ~•rtai• Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 1.J ¢! 4c 9(/ 1.1. (.,4 11'1.~ l-'O./J ;,,,9 d,, /119 /'1,:>, 1..4 l.7:tJ 1'1.1 ..r'i n J'3.j 'l4 //./,, .2/IJ .;<;, l.r q 2'1 1.4 1.4 vi I.II 4 .J ,; o.(. 0.J- II 4,b (} C I) /J,(J 0.0 JJ./J ,?/ i.r 0 o< /JI P.n ,., / 1.<I 7 ..::l 9 II tU J.f ;.?/.ii lo.f , /t9~ 17.A ll.O I?~ ,n /7 10 -:J.7 ;n /. (, f." /,P(J 4.r2 111 lt,:i.9 1'11.9 :IS.I MA /~'✓ <! Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful ,,;; '1J.0 0.0 ~ AO ,-.o 0 ,9,0 0,0 ,? ao tJ,n 11 P.o O.o cJ t?. 0 00 cJ (J.O ao 0 t)O IJ,0 0 o.c tJ,tJ /.) tJ,O cJ.a ' tJ,O ,,,,,.o Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful /9{19 PerCmt Total Certain Doubtful 7 .r9 ll. o tJ· 1111. 3?.o '1 J:4 1.7 0 P.o t) 0 ;l 1.1 ,.o ,:) tl.O tl.O /7 14.~ O.o I ,P,f o.o /4 1//.f {},O a. ~.4 t!JO I/ti !t/.3 33.1 Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0.tJ '""·" o.o Oo 0.0 0. e, Q.n O,o ().() 00 IOI>. Total Total J.17 Sll.6 7.6J AA 1.1 t1.d /\('I JJ(/ 11., 3-"I 1/P~ Tot~ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 216 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i Wt.E It IS:P EVAt.U/ITl(J,V SPEE..,, -& ALL V£,+R.~ Number Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !Certain Doubtful 0-Bal1oon /.3 19 ;,.,~ l..te,.9 /.J'I l~·u t!7 n I-Astronomical _$? ),d 53 1.11 f.L 111.~ ,., ::J 2-Aircratt .,, 1 ,~ .?.f '/.I. ",, JI., i!J 0 3-Ligt\tPhenom. 4 ...... ~ b ,!)_ '1 J.~ ,,, 0 4-Birds A 0 0 tl.o 11.t? t?.O LJ ,') S-Clouds, Oust. etc. I a J' P.,? /. ~ u. a 0 6-lnsuffit.lnlo. ,,2¢- d :l.4 7.4 tl.O '1. ~ ,, ,-2 7-Psycholo~cal I I q ../.L (1.3 ~-" ,., 0 !-Unknown l.c"J 0 .[J l1?J' t1o 17( /J (:7 9-DIII• /0 ..r IS" -'I.~ / '1 r.11 0 0 Total ~/9 i3 !o;. 1.,l.t .,t'/..( ,,.,,, 0 ,,z. 14.r;:, Numl)e, Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain DOllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Balloon ...1- 0 ~- ,,,, ~ ti.A "-'.• J 0 I-Astronomical .,~ 0 .j" 'I.I -, /),1 "-f'] ..l. I 2-Aircratt 0 0 n A/J /lt) t?.Cl I ,0 3-Li&hl Phenom. 0 0 ,., I) 0 ,;A ;?.~ 0 ,,, 4-Bird$ 0 0 0 LJ.d t?./J /J,d 0 ·" S-Clouds, Oust, etc. a 0 ,,, AA /),1 J.A 0 0 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ,2. 0 2 ,,., ,! 11.tl l:J. ~ I 0 7-PsycOOlogical I 0 I i,.j ,., r, 1,.1 0 ,!J &-Unknown .2 0 2 ,.., ,,. A/l ,,, ,,. l 0 9-0lller ,, I I ,1 ;') /.., 6.1 0 0 I Total 1r I It. 90 t. l.. Ntl Jo I' SffEP ,1,: ALL. ./FAJ:!(' I Number Per Cent Numbe, Evaluation Certain D°"btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful 0-Batloon ,~ :) ,' t3 1..2~.<; l~.9 ~?.) I 0 I-Astronomical /6 10 ~, u, .rlf. Ji/.( ,, () 2·Aircraft /J /9 .J:I 12 It, I. 11,9. () ,,, Hiat,tPh.-.m. t:J 1 ~ PO /1 17 ,, .,c 4-Birds .1 I 4- 17 tJ.I. ;U .,., ,., 5-Clouds, Dus~ el~ I I ,;;, o.l. 0.' ·1,; A ~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. /,, 0 ' J. ~ 17, 0 '<'-~ /J () I-Psychological ~ 0 .:{ /I (11.(J I I .,., /] &-Unknown ,U, 0 ,li: l,(,t t}.D 11\I~ 0 0 9-0ther f ..1 II M 1.1 (..J I 0 Total Ill 6,'< /Jo 11.J~, !U I/A.I. ;; 0 /'?'.,,-0 rtimber Per Cent Number Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total K::ertain Doubtful 0-Balloon ¢ I .5 ,?JJ a: 9 L1<?.4 I 0 I-Astronomical I ,., I J-9 tJ.t) C9 ~ I 2-Aircraft J 0 3 11-,,-' /) () 117.t J ,:J 3-Li&htPhenom. 0 0 () ,., t?.P ,I.() /) ,, 4•Birds 0 0 tl JJ.o ~-" t?./1 (I 0 5-Clouds, Dus~ ,1~ () 0 (? ,')_() (). () /J,IJ ,, ,., 6-lnsuflic.kllo. I 0 I ("(; 0,0 .i;"\ () 0 7-Psycholo~cal 0 () n "·' ,:?_ (J ,7/J 0 0 I-Unknown ~ ,, ~ ~C• ()." fl£' I 0 9-Qlfle, I C I .S~1 11.0 re; 0 () Total lb I 17 14'4.I J~'1 Ila< J I t2£ Mlti~f S/lf,ltrt/1/6.S c/7£ &I-'- r,(GA,f.r ,.,~ c"-r_< sr,,.-1·· ~Av 1t:; d 7 ; /.?4.P /,fiAA Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total "' A.II (l.b IUJ 2 / ~ I -7;1,;1 //l,, 1 .... d I " I ,. , ~.o C. ~ ~ ,IJ.(1 IIAA.(1 -·, 2 0 " 1...,.A ,.,, l:lAO - ? ~ J/.' Jf.P ~-"' ,, (fl.II e,.(1 ti.II (J 0 t:? II.A b,A ,I/I I I _j --,,::,, (,. /.7,,.. (? P.tl ti.I? P.11 ,,., 0 ,, ti.I) ,.,,, IA.A .,, ,., 0 ,,, "'° t?.O ,,, PA ().II .. ,,., 0 ti A/l _,, ,,_,., " 0 ,,, 11.0 ,.o t?.o ,,., "·" '·" ,.o " 0 LJ A.A ,?./J ,u: 0 0 - ti.II "·" (7.p ,, ().() II ,., IAII ..t 0 ..2 ..,,,, -~ 1..,.,,. _7 ,0 " l~I ,1_,1 /?,; n t'J.d tl.o ,.,, 0 C ,,, t)/J AA IT.A I 0 I L J. (1).fJ /. . .1 0 IA ti 1111 ,.,,, 0 0 " "'·" P.~ ,7.0 .:2 0 _7 1;.J' t?.O II":.<' (J I 1'./J (),IJ /)JI I I ..2 /.,., 11,0 1~,.,.i:i a 0 0 A.() 0.() o.o :l IA.'1 JAJ.d /AA ! ,z lo l9ti.D ?,7.11 ll(lt7. /~ 4 16 11"~"' ;2J:(l ./4,J ltl,r; /9S.L PerC"11 Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 3 In~ ,P.tJ 110 .(.l. u t/o 1~1./ /J~ ,f. ft...-,; .3 111.2 t/1 ;u, ;g 14 3) 1. 3 j~ 7 111, I ti.I A.P '1_ I :ti " 32. f.J" 4.r 111/ b AD (1.p tJ.() 4 ? I.. I./ ,,,_, ., ~ 0 P.(J t7 (l 17(1 ,1 0 () IIP "·" ,1_/J ,, A_() A- t?.P I 4 S !!.d /.L ~ ' I 9.1 ,:7.() <;,; /7 .0 J '1 ,,c; P.Q L~ el t7.o 41.0 (J.11 ' I '1 .i4 iY ~.,; ,t ,~ .. P.O .J.7.3 "' () -t, /8.6 tJ.P v,I (7 ,:J.(J 0.11 t? (I ,, t I~ J.L. /.,z t/,r:i II ~.9 fl /,A /14 u ~,,,, rfMI .tf.L I IAA -A.JP(!TS l._i::SS _,, .. A•tf , ✓,,,,~ ,,r /J M/1._d:.f Ar-&, lf'ov,11 /9/i..7 If ~r ;777? Per C"11 Nuntler Per Cent Number PerCmt Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I ~Al A.(/ r., A L I '1 Jl'I,( L., in,~ I , 3 11 143 :JI~ (!) 11/J (J.IJ AA ~ I 4 1-R.J ,.~ -,..<A .- I '- Ito 1.1 li:,,g ,,, /Jb A.11 J.CI I I .2 '-~ /..~ ,. I/ ,., ., , 1'() 14-3 /~~ () /J.A /J./J Ill? () 0 t) At} AA A.(} 0 0 tJ IJ.1' P." tJ. ,7 (!) 111 /.?,/J o.~ () 0 t) A, ,1.(J A.A () ,., ~ 11.f? I.() AA 0 A iJ?, ,, , () d 0 ,1.~ ,,,., A() () ~ () ().() (),() tJ./J I? ,1_,J A/i AA tJ ,, 0 A.A (J.tl ,1.,1 ; () I 7.1 ().O ? I D ,J.tJ 111 //J .,., ,, (? A A ,.,_,., ,A a 0 ,:J i!) () (J.D .:,A D AO /l , 11./J J () I L., A.11 L.: I 0 J '1,J ,,.,, 7. I I I r-1.A AA l,A,11 I') 2 ~ .,,,., 1,. ,. 1,.,_ .• I " I .,_, o.o ?/ .2 11001 d.11 I/~ JI r 1, lu_1 ~I,, l,11A q ~, 14- ~3 l<'J~ 1 lloA !Pr"/ /?r.~ Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 1 IJ(d AA ~.,, J~ ;. I .51 I -'J.' 1(,. ,- VII, J A A .;/,(A ,ii{-, ~ .., 14 J ,- J~J- II./. I l.7J:o A.(} ~.,-, I ,, 24 /.i 1.i.t IJ<l,O 0 A.O tl./J n.A " ~ :f t?.o ).4 '7. II ,, A ..1 t).O t'.ll :I I 4- '·" tJ.9 ~.' ,., 0,/ /J.11 d,o I I ::)· tl.f ,,,,1 /,I. 0 /J,1 11d d.A .d.- () d 2/ 0.0 <I I 0 .,,,, ,,., a/) ~ 0 ~ 16 "'" /,t I l.::>;:o tJ / t.5.d /7 " 11 /J.4 •A ,d-~ 0 /J,J p,J'J ~-~ , I .t:, .sti IJ.8 --;;, ~ 4, 11J.o ;u: 0 /;9/J, 1'1 .rt7 /,21 {,p.f. .19.4 ,.,.,,. 207


=== Page 217 ===

<"E'ePs /7,C- A4JP,'TS /}A, ALL l';;ARC /9¢1 , rt,- Per Cent N"'ber Per Cent Evahralian Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubthrl Tolal Certain lloublfll Total 0-Balloon ,.,J11 ,f ,n 3.4 .u I I/ . 'I .] 0 3 .711,0 t)_/1 "'"/J 1 1-Astrooomical /.;i /j ,<.[ f.O .r: 4- 114 JI 0 0 tl o,,, /J () /l/1 I rJ ,,_(, 34 I.Jd3 [. 7 fo.7 !2-Aucraft 111.q tL J 0 I ~tl 3-Lighf Pbenora. -~ I ,I. J. ~ P. 4. I / 0 I /.7 '1.tl L7 4•8irds ,. I I /1.tl 0 ¢ /),If, p 0 0 Po t).O /J,O S-Clouds, Oust, etc. /J ~ .:z PO t!J./l ,,.~ 0 0 0 ,O_IJ tl.o A,0 6-lnsuffic. flfo. ..2;L 0 2~ '1.2 IP.O 'f.1 I 0 I £7 ,0,0 t..7 7-Psydlolo~cal L :2 8 .7.J P.f '-l,. I I ~ /,7 ,.7 1,~.q 11-Unkno.. .i-i ,0 .s-J • 1L.3 "·" 2'/J L t) (, IA..o C,0 vao 9-0ther 7 0 '1 f'1 pp ..H I 0 I t..1 tJ. (7 ~-7 Total /'lt 53 ,2-3i( 77.'i ~:l. /t)tJ. l'f I /!, 13.3 (. 7 ,oa /f'!rJ? /9'.S-I I Number PerCent Nu- Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloul>tful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobthrl Total 0-Balloon I J .2 d~ 4.~- 'l.,? ,:} 0 ,< /,!J P.O 1/R..:! 1-Astiunomical I V 3 1-.s- 9. J 11.,tf, I / :? 91 o/./ l'l..7 2-Aircraft .J 0 -r ,2:2.1 ().0 12.7 3 I 4 ~1.:3 9.1 ~., 3-Light Phenom. /J 0 tJ tl.11 t?n J,t) " 0 tZ) t)(l 0./1 tM 4-Birds I) 0 CJ , (l Clo ,1.0 /J 0 0 0.Q 17. II A/1 5-Cloud~ Dus~ etc l'J n 0 tl.O '1.0 /),6 0 0 ,. no cv, ,,_,, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ..1- 0 .6- .7:J.7 ,, ,, i,...,_7 0 0 ,,_, 6),() o_,, ~ll 1-Psychologicat I 0 I 4,- 0.0 Y.~ 0 0 0 P.o tJ, t1 A,11 &-UnknoMI 6 0 t. .JU P. 0 ::i7.S ? 0 ::l If, p,(l J,g.:J 9-0ther ~ 0 0 tJ.o ~-0 t).() I 0 I 9.1 o.o 91 I Total ;q 3 .n. J{.4 13., JO(). 9 ,i JI Lf/J' /,f,:i. lllA <p,,,-,-:LJs />C tllfJ.t:,-rS ALL VEAR.<' /<?,,.1-7 I Number Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain IJooJ>tful Total Certain Ooobllul Total 0-Balloon lk JR 31,. J.!, 3.3 ,. (, I 0 I ..1.2 P.t7 ~ ..:I 1-Astrooomical t:,3 .μ; 1/;l. ;/.r iJ:I ,A.1'- ..J' 4 q 1//.,/ /~.q ~9.o 2-Aimaft 2 ► 7;- /.f7 1.r:o /J. 7 '11.1 " ,:t :) ,,,, t..5 /.,!, 3-Light Phenom. 1 3 /0 /.J /)J- l.'1 ,1 L) 0 ll.P i{l.P ,U, 4--Bi«ls J -,.... .• - I] - ll.d I) q ,:; 0 () tJ.Q P.tl /J.() frClouds, Oust. etc.· 0 0 0 i?.tJ tl.11 Jd 0 0 0 tl.O o.o ,?.() 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. 4-.(. 0 4c. (.4 11.tJ fl.if 2 0 ~ (,.i- I) ,, t,.6' 7-Psycholoeical 7 .3 /e, /J 0.J.' }, ~ 0 I I t?.o J,;J. 1. .:1 II-Unknown 14-J 0 11,?J ~[.S (I.() I-?L'.J ll 0 /3 4-1.'J IJ.0 1/19 ,-Other .2 J 4- .n ,Ji. /) 7 '/. ~ J .o .3 97 tJ.O <?.1 Total 314 t.S'4 f'4i 719 2f. J Jt,f, ~4 1 .JI 1714 :v.(, JM /9 .r£7 19 -:-; r.Jmber Percent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon .I 0 .3 N. /Jt7 ti. I 0 I di /1.IJ 4~ I I-Astronomical / 4 ~- Y.f ll<i 1/'/."3 1 ttJ 7 :29.:z. ,, ,, 1<1"1-' 2-Aircraft ., 4- ") Jl.i J/4 b-<.~ ¢. I ~- ;[.. 7 &.7 l.?tJ. 9 3-Lighl Phenom. b 0 0 t?.o IP t7 "·" I 0 I th t7." f'::? 4-Birds 0 0 0 17.P n.o ,? ,, ,I) 0 tJ tl.b ,9,o /.JA ~Clouds, Dust, elc. " 0 ,:, /7.11 17.0 ,1,-J tJ 0 0 tP.. /) (7 t)_t) 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .J (J 3 KL p-, ~, 0 0 tJ t!J. t1 ()_ 0 All 7-Psych:llogical 0 0 (7 P.O /J .• tl.t7 /J I I ,.P 4-, i. v~ I-Unknown II 0 // .lid /],? '~I fl ? 0 7 :7'?.). t1. 0 ..,,,, 9-0ther ~ ..z 4 J~7 S:7 /IA ,1. ,:, ,:l li..3 t9,tJ k'."I Toltl .2..r /0 .JS 1N ,Ut, /AA .:l:l ,z .29 91? i'.3 /OJ 208 U//u/14£,:J ~,,, Ftl//£ /t;~f Nu- Per Cent J;ertain Dold>tful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 4 .5 5,1) '7114 .,,,o ' I 4 ,~.o so .:?4./J 4- I (" :20/J kO Af:O I 0 I 5.0 P.O ,t'J 0 I I Po ;-.o .,:a 0 0 0 ,!1,(7 (),d A" :z. 0 :l 10,/J tl.O IP.() 0 0 tJ ,,,,, P.O ~() ;I. 0 ~ 11.0 tJ.tl "· /'J 0 0 0 tl.o O.p /)/J /3 7 :zo bS,I ?SP W>. I :}'S'-? Number Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain - Total // J Id 1.1 ,?.o q,.:; / 7 14 d.l. ¢., Q'1 4-1 2 2. L~ ~1.o JI., 'IJ,.J I J ..l ,IJ, 1 tl.? /,9 0 n tJ IJ.O o.o /7,d ~ , ;I. ,J'.IJ /.3 /3 9 () 9 IJ~-? ().0 t:'I 4- I f -2.t. t!?.'1 -t~ J'1 .o .31 ,<J':tl Q.O 1-,., .r 0 .s- 3.3 t7 0 :3', '( /It. .3(, /fl. -f/3 2!.? IM tJl/cP ;:-au.e ·- / 9 ~,r Nunter Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I I ,< 3. 0 -l.o /2" .! ' q 9.1 If 2 ~7..3 .1 I 4 9/ J.o 12,1 I :L 3 :J.o u 9./ I I 2 ~o J.o (,/) 0 0 0 tJ.t;> o.o tf.() 4- 0 4 I.V ,.,0 I;(./ fl 0 tJ O.t1 0.0 ,I)_/) -J 0 1 :1.1.:1 o.o -!J/_~ I I .2 ?.o :J.o L.d .:ll /,Z 33 t:~., U4, •A~ l<l'J:-7 Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 1~ /7 )9 J,/ 4., 7t ¢_,- IQ t.a Iii 5.el //,fl I. 4 62. 11.:1, 11..i /1..:l ~~ .t .r- I {, n P.~ JC. ,)_ 0 .:1 p.f (),fl .i.S t) 0 (J 0.0 ll.o /J/> .N 0 g ?- t. 'I tl.O Y. 'l ' I ? /.(. P.3 ,.,; 1'7 0 qq 7 .. N o.o _✓ ,,q 14- I /5' .1. 7 P.3 Y',,, ,UI '"' !~R, I1J./. 21d I/a,'. lhH'14§/J M// £.S .;?e~ Htl//R /7, ~r Number PerCmt Celwn Doubtful Total Calain llDmtllll Total ,J 0 .2 /"-J- tP.o 1A ,( ,., .:I :1 ,,_() /o.r IAI: 4- :z. (, :,// •n !, ~ 1,,1, 0 0 ,, 11.0 47.0 J b 0 0 0 /Jn b,0 IJ 0 " 0 0 p,O IJ.0 /1/', r 0 ~- ,1'-3 P. (7 ~" 'I 0 0 ,:7 tJ.P P.O 11,/J 4- 0 ¢ ~// ,,, 0 ,;// 0 0 0 (l.lJ tl.P o./J /$° 4- /9 7/'i :zu /a', Nnber Per Cent Certain lloul>tfu Total Certain Doubtful Total - MILES "'7EL ,,,.,,,,,,e /~/,19 Number PerCmt Certain Ooubtfu Total Celwo Doubtful Total 0 0 tJ A.o tJ.o JA :z. 1, Ji d.? 1~7 :I. i'IJ,9 t J - II N.o //.(, 11<.t, () 0 () "-" o.o /?/J 0 I I t).0 .23 -<.~ 0 0 tJ tJ.g o.o ti () ? 0 3 to AIJ "7,t'J I 0 I 2.3 () 0 2.~ f 0 s !I.L /J 0 N' I 0 I J3 0.0 .7.~ 21 .u 43 14.f:x ..r/..:l. 1/,,.,, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 218 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1:.d.ll- e dll../ ._,_El=tJ AF nA r-11.. r< All v.,,.,R.\' /I ;-? Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon t:) 2 ,:1 tlP '2 (? 7. 0 11-Ast10nomical .l[ ,).4 ..rq U.4 1,11, 2 ~91. 2-Aircratt ' :J 8 t I 7p SI ~LlghtPha,om. ,., ,0 " 0.P PO e:J.O 4•Birds t!I J J ,70 /p J.o "(/ S-Clouds, Oust. etc. I 0 I In LJ.O lo ~ 6-lnsuffit.lnlo. f 0 e ,U 0,0 8.1 ~ 7-Psydllloaical 0 I I ~.P /.P /.o ~\ I-Unknown In: t:) /r,, //. 2 tJ p 1t.2 \ 9-Dl!le, .I 0 3 J.o tl.o 1.0 I Total t9 3o 9q tf1 3tJ3 lfltl. 1'1..--0 /9J'/ Nt!mber Per Cent Number PerC01t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Ballooo /) 0 a:> P.O ,!/ tJ (l.{!? l'J " IP Pn OP ,. ,, I-Astronomical _,- 4- <1 ,;-,</_ 44.4 /t/110 I _,? 4 /7,J l.11.[ .rt10 2·AircraH /') .0 tP ,!J,() ,:7,(7 i!l.P () 0 17 (),(} Pfl fl.o 3·Licht Phenom. 0 0 p ,IJ,P (/ 0 tJ p ,., ,,, ,:;, ,P.o tl.P /7.;? 4-Birds t') 0 p t7..0 ?l.P P.o /) ,IJ 0 ~-0 (/, 0 (/P I-Cloud~ Dus~ etc ,,, n p fl.() P.o <P,,, 0 .,, p tJ:.d P.tJ 0.0 6-/nsuffic.lnfo. 0 0 e? tJ.17 ().(7 (7" I ,,, I l:z.,r (7.0 /~ . ..- 7-Psycholoaical t'J 0 p tl,e, 0." (/_ () A n p O.o "·" ;;,, . 8-UnknD'MI () 0 ,t) ,!;,,:, &)," ,!J," .:2. 0 ~ 2,f',() {),() 2.s"g 9-0ther tJ 0 e? tJ,t:J ,;11.P Pt7 I 0 I 11~.., P. 0 /.,). .r Total .$ 4 9 .$'.s',{. 44,4 /,:,(), $" .J R (,l.J ~7.!' /PtJ. f?V{t.£ EVAL Vllrt0/11 t2E tM ✓ lf/!1'. .. Au. 11 EAH.r /'147 , Number Percent Number PerC01t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon i~ 4,() lo~ "I.I. .d.1 ,~ ~ ,,2 0 ..1 t.9 (7,:, lt.9 I-Astronomical //J~ gq ).o4 IJ'l I /1 '1 ..(Y.< ~ .2. f lo~ (9 1/1....7 2-AircraH l.f '7J,,,. 1,1 /A,, '1,t; 19/, I 0 I ~-4 t)O ,14 3-Li&htPh"'°". /6 'i ,u' I.If I.I ,u I 0 I N tf).P ~.4 4-Birds {. .t' II P,'1 At. 11 0 0 () "'·" (l,,:J (), 17 I-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ .0 () () ii,,:, /JP ,:Jp 0 0 () ,,,., t)O tl.O 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 1!>4 0 IJ4 II.I P.t:J /~/ q 0 9 V11 ,t),0 1111 l•Psycholo1ical I).. .2. 14 /4- ()2 I. C, .2 0 ~ t.9 tJ.O (9 I-Unknown !JI. 0 11, //.4 iP.o /c. '/ J 0 3 IA~ b () i/(),' 9-0ther ?4 I .Z d./. d/ 1.4 £.{ t. e, 6 211.? p,,:;, :2., ' Total 59q :u:i. 8J/ ~?/ ~1Q ,.,.,,., .i1 ~ :Jq 1/.J.J t_q /,717 l4J,..n /q,1-; Number PerC01t Number Per Cent Evalualioo Certlin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon g .2 /(7 //.,1 -l.9 1,1,. J .J d It. "'" It I-Astronomical 12 4- /C. ,.,, f.? 121.I .>' fl I~ 7.q /~., ?~ L 2·Aircraft q J' 14 /J.'I '/./ ~A~ (, 4 I() '1.J L~ /.t:J Hi&hlPhenom. () 0 0 t)() oo P.O () I I /7.i'J I.I.. It. 4-Birds 0 0 0 ti.& 0.111 p () 0 I I 11.tJ 1, It. S.Clouds, Dust. etc. 0 0 Cl P.P P. t) ~"' /J 0 0 ,Jl.p tl.tl tl.P 6-lnsuffi~ Int>. J.J 0 /3 li.l If),,, II.I. /..:Z p /:l /9.o .nA /yp 7-Psycholo&ical If) 0 t7 P. (7 ti." ,P,o J C I /(_ tl.P It. 1-Unkno• 14 0 14 .2'1.(7 ;;,_,::, 2Q,() If l) /J' 1/1, ,? " LUt ~Ille< .J 0 .3 11.3 ,P.t, 4.J .J 0 .J di P.t> ,/.J Total ~'(/ II 10 II~ /S.1 lloo. .d/_ 1'1 16,3 '1Jo ..Z'7.t!J l#t?. 209 M~-rJ!=tJ~ - i-/1::E .<;'l"'EE~S J "i ,/,f /f?,,~9' Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ t!I () " PP 0, Q P,0 L) 0 IP tJ.o p,p tJ.,:, /. .i- JI ~-A :/R <' l,td,1 .,, ,,1. :I ",, /t)/).0 /pp,t!J ,., ,,, 0 P.P P.'1 O.P ,!) 0 (? ,t,o LJ,O P.e, () 0 () 0,t!J 0.&7 (JP /] 0 " P.P 0.() ao 0 "' " ,!In ao Pt!J /J 0 ,/) ;;,,, o.,:, A.O .I) 0 0 P.O ()_O P." eJ 0 p ,,,,.., ,:?.t, ,tJ.O .;> 0 0 O.tJ (7.() P,O 0 n p &.O PtJ 0.,:, /) 0 (1 o.o (), 0 P.o ,., "' p tJ,(J ao &1.o ,:l 0 ~ ,IS'.4 If)() llr.4 0 {) t? tl.o ,:?." ~o 0 0 () 1,.,,:, 0.() o.o LJ 0 ,:;, P.L7 t),P (7,0 I s I.J ,1..r U.j- /,10 0 .;I._ ~ o.o /0'7.P /PO /9J'2 Nun>er PerCt!lt Number PerC01t Certain Doubtful ,Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 .l. 2 tJ:t> 3.o 3.o ,.l.J /0 )3 ""'·" 14. q 49..-< ' ..2 3 9. 0 .J.o l,'l.o 0 0 t7 () 0 O.P tJ.O 0 ) I /Jn 1...- /.J" J /') I /.,- 0,0 /. J' ? 0 1 /(14 (I 0 /p,¢ ,:J I I 0,0 I., /..1' h- 0 /j /U " 0 ;-,q > 0 ~ ., 0 (), " 3o 51 lb l, 7 [7(.1 .1l9 /(),o, Sf6 ttT(/1/6 S Fae ALL /9<1/ /9(/9 Number Per Cent Number PerCa:lt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ,,2 3 ~, 3.9 .r.9 q, 1 () '11' ti,,:, 7. t '7 JO 1'1 IJ.7 14,L l.tz,3 11 JI 41 It.~ 53.7 .r,., , J I 13.' .J. " /,l,"7 '7 2 9 11. 2.2 91 ,D I J I) 0 .2.o 2.6 ,!) ,., ,,, tUJ o., "·" I I :l 2. () 2." (..o ;J e, .2 ~-'2 t;!,O 2.:; /) (I tJ t) tP t/,P o.o 6 n () 0,() (l" i9. 0 <1 0 q II?' P.P l!7L tit 0 14 /..r.;z ,!J,O /~ I 0 I ,:l.o (7.() ,2,,:, J 0 I I.I OP I. I J 0 3 J:9 0 (> .f'.9 7 (/ 1 1C. O.b 1L .2 J .:r .3.fi ,~ q 9S d- 17 4 43 t),t) 43 J;l.. l'l .n IL.:;,.1 37.3 /o(), 59 ~3 9.:Z &¢.I :,,:'I It/fl /t:;,,, :J Number Per Cent Number Per Cent i;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,If J2 1J' l.:i. 0 /J.J '7/ .14 ,,,,.. /J.( Lr :1,.11 ✓ .J (.J /It. In I /;?,() ~2./ I~ 7 .,,, 2'1 I~ d;J. .l .J t. fl I. o(, h /) 0 0 ao (JI) tl.o ?"J a 17 N, P.O I/<(/ ? :J q /~ (/, 4 /? (// 0 9/ /13 lfJ.P 1/H /{, 9 .l.5' !O 11 47 ~'ft. /.ftP Lr.,/ "fl." ,U.J' Nt1.


=== Page 219 ===

Ewu·vilr/tllJ/ <2E Au S/G/f'.OAtt;s d</ ,l../hll?" ,R,,,,. u~ue SS SvNl.-/t; HT o ,v N1HRNI 1 SvNJ-/l:H?" p,y A1-VNI/Y//M .rvNl-11-'"'T t)N P.,!..AsTF/f Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon 2 ~ 1 'M F.9 '1.3 .?/ ;;_) 5";+ ;;;.: '!,Ji ;J.:1...1 II 1 /? /2.1. '/J ~/./ 1-Astmnomical /9 /J.1- JJ :V,J/- III 3!.'l /.2. It) 2.1 11,1 II. I ,.o 9 9' /f{ /0,D IP 0 '1D./ 2-Aimaft 'I .J l;L //.I, J,.5 /,/,/ 1/-.:Z. :u; 7h 17.2.. /3,9 3/./ £ /3 19 1:7 JJ./;/f p,/ Hight l'halom. I tJ I /.:l .w l,:Z.. tl /.I .tf /).l 1.6 l.b () I I /),l /,1 I. I 4·8irds rJ tJ t? IJ.{, 0.0 /J.C I I :L o.~ t?.11 tJ.'l I I 2... I,/ /,/ J..; ~Clouds, Dus~ el~ t) 0 () tJ.O /J.O t?.O :z_ (/ 2 (7,'J {J.() O.'{ I .:z__ '? I. I 2.l ,;:, 6-lnsuffi~lnt». 'f tl '1 /~6 ,?,(} //1.b 17 tl 17 70 tJ.O 7.0 9 tJ 'l 10,0 tJ(; /t).t) 7-Psydlolo~CII .:z__ .2... 1-f, 1.11 ,!.,I/ /f.f ~ .L .tf tZ'6 /7.'l u t) CJ t? ao ao tJ.t ·-- IS- t? IF 17.6 t?.o 17,6 .Y.P CJ 5".:l. 21.3 tJ.O ;J../.3 1.5' tJ II 17.'o tJ.C, /7/l ~ ... I .J JI- /,.2- 3S 1/:7 9 2 II 3.7 t?.! /f,S .3 0 3 3.'J t).O J.3 j Total ,j '"% :L? ,.,. li.2 3/,j' Jt//J. lo( '11; 2.J.1,- If.) 31./ /{}/). St 3.lf ft} (j.,). 37,ff IP/), :":iv,v1..Jtu1r ,:,,v Sp;L f3'/?,~~TER T.#,t,v /%,,,y Ll/(E /J'J;UN Numbef Per Cent Number PerCmt Nuntier PerCent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doulllful Total 0.Balloon 4 tJ 1-f 57./ 11,t) sv 19 .ZS 117 Jl.,L F.9 'I.ff I 2 3 I.' n F.7 I-Astronomical t? I I ti.O 111.'J 111.3 113!- o9 I /91i .Z'Zf /JU 11-.2../ ~ II IS 7,J' ?/Jg :;.J,3 2-Airtrafl ;J t> 0 ;J.O tU t?,/J 1'7 £2. 79 _r,; I I. () IJ.7 /4 2 It ll.li 3.f JP.1 3-liehlPhenom. 0 t) 0 Av /J.f) /J.O h :3 'I /,3 l>.6 J,9 I '2 3 1.1 3.1 .5:7 4-Birds () 0 0 to /J.{) tJ.() I tJ I ~:;__ tJ.t ,?,:Z. tJ C) t) /JO tJ.() tJ,() 5-Clouds. Dus~ etc. /J I I f).O /LJ, '1 /IJ, < (J t> () ,1/ tJ,iJ 120 (J tJ () 0.0 {)./) tl() 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. /J I} t) t?.0 {)_() 0.0 .2..z t) ?7 /J~ t?o .11;7 C t) t) tJ.O /J.t} t).I, 7-Psychological () 0 0 0.0 /J.IJ /J,O .3 t? 3 t?.6 fJ.O t), 6 ~ I I ().,? I.ff I.? ~Unknown I tJ I 1/f.3 ao /ll;J 'I ;2. t) 7:L /'/,J tJ.(J l'l5 /S' tJ /J j.J,3 tJ() ~~ ~lher 0 tJ t l),P ao M /jj_ h $P 3,(} /.3 k,3 (J t) tJ tJ. () ll.u ~ti I Total .:, .z_ 7 1/.J; J.$.6 /,?P, JI)/ /.S~ W7.2 66.S 3.3.S /0/), 3S I( ..,5 ot,() 3.f./) /00. _fi'_,.o-&-J..Y iltJ,:= I: ,¼, .J'.r.,1r~n I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent NuntJer Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dwbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0.Balloon J / .2. 'l.3 f.3 It:£ lfJJ- /tJ,LJ. 2?1 9.D #.6 /3.i I-Astronomical 2. 0 ,2... /1.7 /J.0 1£.7 :Z9? ,2/)I/ 57)/ 11~.L '1.7 l:!3.3 2-Aircraft I I .2.. f:3 u IM ,sz 177 .l/..79 Ii/. 'l f.1 l'l.'J 3-LightPh-. t? L? 0 (},l (),tJ ()./) ,23 II 3J/ I. I o.5 /,b 4-Birds tJ tJ () t:/0 tJ.t) M IS" 6 :Z.J 11.' o.3 '·" ~Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 0 t? (J 0 {)_() I),{} 9 II? 19 tJ.J./ o.~ l'}.'1 6-lnsuffic.&nlo. _2._ tl 2 /h /),/) JO :J..J.5 t) .2'1< /d.9 /J.{) IP.'I 7-PsychDlogical 0 0 /) O.(} {J.f) tJ.O 3/ 3 3Jt I-~ " I J.S 8-UnknoMI tJ.,. IJ .JI. 33. ;J ti J'I, 11-7/.i 0 ll.l?-4 2.J./ (),/) l~:1.1 9-0ther 0 {/ /? /J.t /l.t) t},() 8'.J ..Z./ I/M 3,q /. 0 4.'I Total /t) ? /,2.... '6''33 II. I //)tJ. /601}, ,91-/ ~~ 11/.1 IJ( t.. ,~. 210 S'vN1-1t,;#T PIV Sr,,vc Number Per Cent Certain Dwbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total -2. .L If IM 10,5 ).I.~ 2 I 3 JtJ,J S-.3 ;s:3 (J .:J 3 J.O 1.S:f IS:3' tJ t? 0 t?O /J.() t)O p I I iJ.() S:3 s;3 (J (J () (}.() 00 ao I ~ I ,F.3 /).Cl 3; 3 ,1 0 0 {2/) /J. () {).t, ? tJ -~ :U.3 ao '7L,3 ,,2... tJ dL /ti,5 {l.tJ ;t.S' /,/L 7 I? t>l.2 30 /tftJ. Dt/J-1-,/i"/7 7i ~.,y /l-7p~,v Number PerCe1I Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total .5 7 /.Z. 7./ /0,0 /7,/ 6 17 :Z.3 '/.6 '1..LLJ 3!1.'! 3 3 6 4.= 1/;3 !.J I 3 ,t./- !,it ,M3 S:7 I I -7 /,I/ I.JI- .2. f .0 t? {/ ,1.t) ,11. !JO :J t) .3 Jf,3 t?ti J/.3 t) .2- 2- tJ() 2.~ .t..9 IS" t? /~ l,:2/.4 /)() ,?.),// IJ '? 3 t?t lf.J #.3 '£.I- .;?6 7/J //-U, fl.JI /~ti. Numt.!r PerCml Certain Douhtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 220 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation !D-Balloon r- !I-Astronomical 2-Aircratt 3-Light Phenom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffi, ~~- 7-Psydlllogical 11-Unlulown 9-0ther Total Evaluation II-Balloon l•Astlonomical 2-Ai1t1aft 3-Li&ht Plumm. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l•Psycholo1ical S.Unknown 9-0the, I Tot~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li,t,tf'tlenom. 4-Bilds 5-Cloud~ Dust, et, 6-lnsuffic.lnfa. 7-Psychololical 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total S //N/../G liT ,,, Jl0RRPli' Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .J_ II- t 1..~ 5.1 r.o /7 /3 30 21.? 17.5 14.11,D f 3 I I I/). 7 "# .~., I () I /1, ao ,.~ u t'J 0 ao M /)1, /) 0 () tJ.O IJ.f, M 6 t) 6 1.0 (),0 1'.d jL I 3-H I.J 4-11 /ti t7 It/ Jf.7 IJ.I.. Jt.'1 I 3 Jf /.3 lf,C s',3 ~/ 2-Ji 7.r :61.0 ua I/DO. ,\1,,1NL..1r.Nr 1 ,v Ls 17/L- Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total LJ- t? t/. S'tl t,t) _f7,/ tJ I I t?.O JJl.3 llf.3 t) tJ I) t). (). {) M t? t) /) 0,t ao t?I) 0 tJ tJ t?.o jj /),() £} I I t?.O ll/;3 111,; t? ?' 0 P,I) 0. /) M () ?' I) ~.I) tJ.() CJ.() I 0 I /11-:J (),() /11(5 t) 0 ;, /J.t M M s- ,z_ 7 7/.11 '-f.6 //Jtl. Ji',4,:,,:~y 1/J. ,01,.,rr Number Percent Certain Dlllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I I :i. J.2 j J,J,j 2$.0 I ~ I /,2.5 aa J:i.S I I 7 115 1,2,5 ,1,q I) tJ /} di) J,() /?() tJ t? jJ at ()() (}_() /) I) () Ou {).j tJ(} ? tJ 1 j_t_i) M :l!f.n tP tJ j t},O 0.f) 120 I C! I IJ.5 ao J~-5 t) t? tJ ao 0.1) M t ,z_ &' 7ft; ;J...5. !; l1A1. )//NJ../4/;T " d. NWPber Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 2$ /<? ,;7 /1(/ 9.6 2;i,., II /tJ :2./ ~.5 5.tJ IA.~ 33 :Z.'I 6'1 11..6 1/1 ✓ ,i ::.,.,, () 3 3 ao /.15 /,f I I .2- ,1~ tJ5 /,0 I IJ I j.5 12~ /J,r 17 /J 17 1,5 /J.O u ,:L 2. I+ /. 0 /.IJ :J,0 J3 /? 33 'I.I, /J.() //,.I, 7 2___ r J.6 J.O 4,5 IJJ 66 l'l'I "~ '3,J.1. ldO f:JP1&/IT£,t;, 7h',4),I /11,,_,,, Number Pe, C01t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ;, ,2.11 39 f.'l 'j lb I /P2 s-~ 1£1) 21.'5 If .I II-I L :i.:z. /kl M {? II ll 17.1 6 1 I/ II, ,H '14 I t) I A.: M A.3 tJ 0 () 1.t ~t) /).() ;2../ /J i./ t.5 t).0 .5.5 3 0 3 a.t at i,,f 7/ t' 71 ff.~ M> JU 9 6 If 1,1 I.L 3,q ;stJ /35 38'.5 li_f,q ~.,:. I 100 ,11,,r ('TAr~n Number PerC01t Certain Domtful Total Certain D111btful Total 159 '{j ?Ji.J "· •. ~ 14-.'J 2..3,2_ l,;J HJ. /.{,"/ f.q :1~.5 "111 /3~ :JJ.I..~ /J 'I u '"" ,Z'l II J/J n tJ.6 :1,n It? £ 1h O.l ,U 1.0 .2- LL 6 (), &.J. aa l?J7~ tJ 7/JIJ JI .9 0.ll ,,., ,2.9 3 3,2 I. J.1- 1,1 9.IJ./1 tJ 3μ1 ""'·' if,0 ":JI. I 7~ II+ '{£ 'f,J, () -~ 5.tJ 'illl() //-/5 /tfJ 71'j ,JI/. 1 '°'· 211 f.'VAIJ../~"-r ON ,t:j_,.c-rr-a ('.,1111L/~IJIT .0111 STt?,VC Number PerCent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain D111blful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ II r l'I 'J.1//I II .1 ':J.£'1 .1.. ,.2.. JI. ltH //.,: 2/.fl 9 3 12 l.t.a. I/ I II.-,, .1.. I 3 I0.5 5.3 IS.1'i 6 /,2. If 1./ 10 .24.3 tJ -~ 3 /). {) 15-7' 15.'I: 0 I I d(} /.', 1.4- 0 0 t M /)I) /)/ t? I I M /.J/ /,4, I) I I tJ,{) 5-~ S.3 tJ ;z. 2._ IJ,t VI :1,7 tJ 0 t? a() ~I/ ,1.() 9 0 'I /,2,,2. /J.O /~-~ I t? I 5.'3 M .r. 3 (7 .0 tJ t).t tJo ,1L. 0 0 () ,1.() ,1.;;: /J.t II t? II IJ/.~ M /4-.'1 s 0 ) _?,{.~ II-() au I I) I I.~ /?,/) /,4 .z_ ~ .1.. /4,5 ,1,{) Jd.5 lf-7 ,.t-7 7//.- ,t! .?.t.l'i Voe J:Z.. 7 /9 (.r,).. 5t.1' /14. L ,.v,1: ~AAA/ VlJJ..J..&IP T#AK M,,,,A/ Nuntier Per Cent Number Pe, C01t certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I t? ) ,, 1).0 ::i l ,; .I-/ 'J q .'3 7.1 1,.1 3 9 I}. 1' )3.1 21l £ I/ 17 II ,I 1A.'/ 31,t f .2- It) 2./,) {J ~L~ 3 3 I, 5.1, 5.6 11.:l. I ..i. 1' ,-. .( ~ ,q I I ..l. / ·' J_o, '2,lf I) 0 () d(} t'O 10 I I ~ I~ I.' ;i,'il tJ 0 t? /J,O /J,O tW tJ 0 t) dt tJ.t AO II I) rJ M tJ.() /).;) .3 /) 1 .'i.t t).t} S.L I) I I 1),0 .7..6 1 l 0 .2- j_ {)t Z.7 3.7 1/ ' I} II t'f,O, (),() lJ.'I I 11 t? ltJ Jt.5 tJ.t, IU I) 17 I) /).t /Atl (),p 0 .3 q (),t -,,L 5,L .l-11 /JI- Jf' IA,). 7C</ ltt», ..2.'I ..zr S-4 R? u,.g 1m. Nunter PerCeot Number Pe,Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douhtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total


=== Page 221 ===

, Enlaatioa 0.11111111111 l·Aslamical 2-Aircraft Hidill'llenoo. 4-Bi«ls S-Cloods, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.1111,. 7-Psydlolo&ical .._ - Toll! Evaluation 0.11111.... l•AS1Junollical 2·Aircraft 3-Lidill'IHnom. 4-Bi«ls S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.tlfo. l•Psycilololical 8-Unkno• 9-0lller Total Evaluation 0.B~loon 1-AsbOll:lmical 2-Ai,aaH 3-Lidill'llmoa. I-Birds S-Cloud~ Dust, el~ 6-lnsuffic.•11>. l•Psycilololical 8-Unlmo• 9-0tller Toll! .4/t.1 EV& &11/PAL ,;?F t2$✓E4t: S:(6HVA'<i S: F"t?;( Au. VEllS .l!V LIGHr .tfR/GPr.MESS . ~ '",,Lt!'- NT ,,,,, AA - ~-= ~l,l,1/,,L/l"~T d;f,' ,4,_l,},M ✓AI/JM Sv/f/,,L/.L'ur l'/V l?ASTr"' .Jp,v,,Lflr::JJr t?IV SrtJIYE Im- PerCenl Number Per Cent Number Percent - Per Cent Cerbin Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Dooblful Total Certain lloulltful Tobi cernin lloulltful Total Certain Dooblful Total Celfain Doobllul Total Certain Doobllul Tot~ .2.. 3 5 :r:. 'Y.'/ 'Ii..:! 'J'J 17 IHI /,(.J 'll- 1~4-i II 7 If lf.' /J.() ;JS,? :L I 3 l:LJ f-1 d-7 /.Z II :t3 /9,l /fj) :>.'1 .'1 7 r u .f.'l 1-5 u 'l I II 12.~ .1.'1 /5.i () I I /J./, 6,2 D. ? L 'f II,:, 7 ~ 14,.1 32 2'J Sl ln-9 15-1 !:H.0 £ /ti /6 $'.1 I If. i 1"'1'1'1 /J '1 3 t?-0 If.¥ 1/U I IJ I I J. tJ.O /./,, 0 3 3 tJ.t I .1 1.7 tJ I I I,{, n 1.4 ~ 0 ~ t?-P M tJ.t 0 tJ {) {J.() t?./) t?,() I I ;;.. 11., 1/./, I.a t} I I tJ./} /.'J 1.4 I) I I !J.O I,). 0 0 0 0 fJ.t M tJ.t I t} I 11./, t?.t d.6 tJ .z 2 OJ 1.1 2.'I L) 0 tJ tJ,t 1),0 O.t -~ 0 3 -+''I /),() 4.'I /J Cl IS 't!I t1.f) $,4 q tJ If /J,q (),() ,a.'I I /l I 6.J ,M) /',7 .2. I 3 .1.1 II. 4.'I 2- ...2.. tf J. I /. 2.2 tJ Cl t7 A.I. O.t f)./) 0 C tJ 0,P ;J. /) (}.I) Ill- 0 Ill 'l,( /J P.l a1.o ;LY ,t) ;z.9 Id /),/) I.<~ II 0 II If.' M IS.'1 _5 ,::J S' 3/,:1. 0.0 31,1 J 2_ 3 I I, :/A .S..'1 6' j 8' .1.'J I./ 4~ I t) J / .1 M 1.4 L ,t) .2 12,5 IU h.f /f.L 19 £/ 61,q .1/.J IM. //9 I, tJ /79 t.U :12., 114/J. //J .n 7~ ~7./ f1,'j 114d. /{} I, I,{ 1£2., 37,5 //)t), $11w,_1t:HT /JAi ,)' 1VJ.. ,.., ~ - ,,,,.,,,✓ MtJOA/ / /kl:" Mt11JN /Jvt-t..t:o T,~JA, M/7/:J.. ✓ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nulll>er Per Cent Nullller Per Cent Certain Dooblful Total Certain lloulllfu I Total Certain Doimlful Total Certain Dmblfu I Total ~ertain Dooblful Total Certain Doubtful Total c..tin lloulltfu Total Certain Doobttd Toll! 4- t) 4 ,ft:') t!() IO /If }'_/ 35 q L~ /11.S I tJ I .J.' M ~-'1 s 3 1 ltJ.1. C./ /'-3 t) I I M /0 11.7 ,r-7 If.!' /3/) .t//.6 N./1 I 3'1.11 3 8" I/ (!i ,sv; '""'I I f( Ii/. /).J /f.1 .Jt:.~ tJ t? /) t)j) 11.I) M ~ If-I /, I &.t IJ.. 11r.3 s 2. 7 /'/.? 5-1 l:i.o.? 3 3 p (..} I.. I ,~.!I tJ ,t) /) M M N> 6 3 9 l.f ,, . q :J..7 I .2.. 3 1.1 5,q u· I I ;z.. 2.,(J 1.0 u {} L/ j tJ.() t2rJ O,t) I t? I d-~ O,P 1.3 tl {} 0 ,l.t;) /)_/) /J.I ;J I I I,{, 1 0 2.0 C I I 40 11.7 16,7 ~ tJ /J t?I t7.() tJ,tJ t? /J tJ t.t f}.tJ /J./J IJ t) t) t?o tJ.O ,11) /) {} t) 4t hJ /;).() .7;; tJ 2.0 C./J t),0 ,.o /J t) /;) /,I} t}tJ M 3 L) 3 6-1 t/,t &.,I /J tJ tJ tf.t //.~ tJ/) .2_ tJ 7.. tJ.t tJ.tJ 11.L tJ I I t?.t _1,q .a.'! tJ 2- ,,Z. /J.t 'f.! 11-.1 // IJ /) tJ.tJ /7.tJ 0,t 1/ t) t51 lf,J /},{) Jf,1 II tJ II ~1.~ 41, '3, ,I. /tJ /J //) 1,d /J.t :J.M I, t? I} (;).t tJ;; J.?,I, 9 £' I, 1,1 IJ 4'.S t) tJ rJ /,P M ~/;) t) 3 -q J.t t./ t.l J/- .2. ~ It., 53,~ /tJtJ 2/5 II'/ :3311 Cf.1 15./, JOI). .ZI 13 Jl-f ti d . .1 ;tJa :J% :LI 11-9 ff./ 112.'I IMd. /?~o,=LV //,:,,,..,,LE A/4r '·r~ r.t=/7 Nullller Percent - PeJCent Nulltler Per Cent Number Per Call Certain Dooblful Total Certain lloulllfu I Total Certain lloulltful Total Certain Dmblful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerbin Doublfu Total certain Doublful Total I I J._ /11,J /.P.J :2!6 /J./-p 79 1jt? qi ,;'j 1.s::i I {} I /I;;~ ~tJ /1./3 I.S-JJ I If?" 7'7? IA 1 '/.J /1(,q I I 2 /.#,--< l/-'/43 lli,I, /9/ /21) 3/1 11.1 g',j -:us ,:; 0 rJ t.t tJ.tJ d.l) 1 J t :Z.'! I.~ tJ ,,: ~, 0 0 {) tJ.tJ £1.t) tJ.tJ /{) /, ·16 IJ.' c11 /.J ~ t) /) O.t V./J t>./J 2. ,I/. 6 ,1. ,P A.4 I {} I 111,3 t>.O /lr,3 /'{If /) ;rg a.o 10 /3.0 0 {) tJ M ()./;) t.(} 29 3 32 2.,l tJ.1. ,, ~ I /) I IJl.3 /.0 )lf-3 .29~ tJ ~9, 11/l. /l.O :i.o.~ !? ~ tJ 1),0 t>.o /).0 38 II 77 'f./. i:U 5.4 ~ .:L 7 71.1/- J..U It¼:?. ltJ?JI .31/7 Ill/#.~ 7-s'.l .zJ/.J 110, 212 I I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 222 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I). l·tN I' aa 2-ouroaollc; 3-11\1 Pl l>cNC l•IN A\..DG. $- 6- 1- 8- 9-l'>TMlil!. Ni>T ~no ~ l ' ,I). l•/rt ('IJ It 2-)l)TnAell<; l·tt1 P/.IIN/;. 4-tN R/.. DG.. 1$- 6- 1- lg. 9- l'lTU!eF 'NO i S'T»Tf n Total ! 10. 1· /N r_A fl 2-0 u-rnooRs l·/N DJ "11"' .,,111 ~1.nr.:.. $- 6- 1· 8- 9-CJTl+r::e NOT <:T'ltT'Eh Total Const JI, ::J.9 9) 17 j 33 /,,J'/ Const N x"I 31/ r J,, ,Y/ /fl'! Const J/ 91, )6 JI I ,yt )./)/ C/?,e d~//1{/.LlP,/ Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const J J'l JJ.y ,M J.J.5 " ~ JJ V..J ,U .,,,n 13 J.. .'?3 ?:J)/ /.5 )¥.3 .2? I) 17 JJ.5 tJ. /J ,.u .2, 0 :J .,?.,1. M J . .2 5 " 33 :in 1),/J l.H(J .:z.Y 7131 M.9 5.1 ld4, 9o M,N Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const I) II 7.7 ''°" 1.7 :JI 5 ff ,W.9 1.1. [#),; 113 () 3.Y 11.5 0,/J /Vi .:l, () 1 '/./ /J.,/) If.I f' /J .1 1.11 ~.11 /./) 2 o "fl '.l},J ,1,{) :ii.I ~w 5 If'/ q'),11 ~.I, /()4, :U'-? S£!7Ti:"?d£~ Number Pe, Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const .2. 1J IAA 1./J //./) 13 5 I/JI "15.7 1.'I "If I BY 0 .u: I.VI tJ.d /?/, ;'! 2.. /j 5.1. I.() t.2 ~'i 0 I A,'i' 11,JJ Al( 'J 0 . 'It. 121.9 /),I. 1/,'I J</ 9 )./() 95.'I 1{3 It!, 119 ALL S/C. "1r/AU!~ FE=li', t/""" ,I Number Percent -Variable Total Const Variable Total :2, // 9.1 ~-2. //5 I )J/ J."t'J /.I ~1(0 0 ~7 ,-'1./J /J.~ '-'f./J 0 .i... '11 d.tJ ,!.1 0 .f 5.'I tJ.b .;_If () )If 25.~ IJ.tJ M"/1 :ff 99 r;u .'{2, IJ~. ·,w~ Number Per Cent ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total .:i .14 9..., t1li /,1 3 /1L 1,,2Q /.'? -«, 0 :J.15 111.0 ()tl IU 0 p :3.5 tJ./J .3'i' r, :;., (J,9 tJ.tJ ,.,_q Q -¥1' 193 (),{) fl,3 5 211 97.'l ;l,:Z.. JOO, Oero;1£,e, Number PerCSlt Variable Total Const Variable Total I ?.'/ ll.l /)~ JJ,!i I 90 ',(// o,5 '16.9 () ).'i Pl./ All l'I./ I ).j IJ. IJ M 13.,; ~ 7 .,., 0.0 3.' O If 9,'I o.o V.'I .3 J9). ff.II ,.~ /b/J, 213 -4LL </EAL'S , M. ;!UI 1/17~/L Number Percent Number Percent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total IJ I /} LA "·" ~-( 21/ .J .27 J,J. tJ /.S 11,,; ,!.7. j_ 6J./ .JJ.j /,:l, 31.6 'f/J "'I ?'I '1/5,() J,D ~l) 1b ~ ~ l).b M ,;,0 It I) I• f./J .tJ,D l.tJ 1..1 0 1-?. 13.J M) 13.3 :J./J () ,u, /1,/) 0,() //J,b J 0 g n tJ.() .N 0 " 0 All L)_t) "·" t't 0 7'J !:J '/.? ().~ 121.1 //3 A 1/J l.u.5 d.D ::J./,5' 1£3 ..J 166 'II.;.. /.(' ltJ/J, lf.J 7 ~I() '11.5 ,.5 /1)4, J'/Ll/ At16tlST Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 7.L /J. ii/ 7.<l u q,/ ti 3 ,1 11.1 d.~ ,.:l.3 "/.U, J./1/Yd //L.9 l),A/ 'f7.~ JU 9 ').7'( ;/,/ /.~ 5~./, n I M q,. ,1,} ~-' 37 2 3'I '7.1 o.~ 'J.<, 17 .J 94 9,1./ • tJ,:i 9.7 31 I{ 'Yl. 7.3 0,'1 V 15 () /5 I.J. ()/) 1.6 8 61 1 //i {).~ 1.5 ll/ () "' ~;1..7 o.lJ .12.l qi/ D °'" J</.IJ A,ll l~.IJ 9o9 ).,J '1.2..'I 17.1 .'tl. 100, 50'1 17 5)./ 't'-1 3,.1 /44, /V,r,u,=M.iG .I' /)£>!EMl!?GR Number Per Cent Number PerCalt Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total JI) .If Pl If,,/ .J.', f5 ,2,5 -1 .l'..1 JJ/9 -Y..2 ff.I ,¥.S J 1/9 ;17.4' l.f J9..• .Y5 5 50 '//( 3.~ 2'1.i ',!,lJ tJ .W J),7 0,,1 ,M 1/5 I .Yt .1L.l 11.I. .11.I/ 13 tJ 33 ~.I IJ.d 1d.l N t) /I/ 1.3 A~ H 2, 6 1 1.2. ,1.~ /1 I t) I di. ,:It) d.l. 33 t) .?] ;.,., J.b .l,l I ;.s 0 ,J,5 1,Y:P 11,t, /'/.9 1157 7 /•3/ 95.7 J/.3 ~db, /.!5 /J 1/LF ~.J '/.7 l'J/A,


=== Page 223 ===

1//&e ,11.p JI/ ill tl#RV Pe.6£,MR'I ,, ftJmber Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 0- I· IN I', ll ll - z.,,,..,..n,.,,oc ,/ 'C' V'- 3-/N DlllNC .. \ -" 1-/1\l ALDG:, K"\ ~, 5- )I '){ 6- " C\. 1- " .. .\. .... 8- , , 9-A-r-UC f2 'MliT 5TR-rED Total - MA .f IA/£ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total 0- 1·/N f'Alf! I I ~ 7:, '1? l~.J, z.,,,1r oool!S b-.. ' 0 I. ?t'..i 11 II l'lt.~ l-/N PLANE ..,( ' 3 0 .J 7-3.) 1111 23.1 4-IN Rl ""-• "-. () /J I' t.l. l!tl n.tJ 5- "·'' 6- JI 7. ~ I\., 8- ~1' 9- OTHEf 0 0 (J OJ. ,H A Naf" =rEn 2. 0 ,,_ 11.1, IJ.l /5! Tot~ /,2. I 13 r,J.' '1.'} IPIJ, S1£pr,:ud1::P /J,-,r/Jd,€,1' Number Per Cent Nuriler Pe,C"'t Coos! Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Tota 0- l·1N C:.Al2. 0 " ,:; I> A, ,l)I (/ {) 9 #).I /1.~ lb./ 2-,.,., -r n A.oc 3 n .s St'-0 d./J ,,,_.,. R () 9 J{2,J fl.D 11.1 l-1N PI-A",'c I () I /6.'j tP.t /£.'} /J 0 0 rJ.d 0.1 b.l> 4-IN Ill nG,. 11 d () ,1p IJ.l /).!, l 0 0 tH OJ (),1) 5- 6- 7. 8- 9- ar11Ee l) 0 a () I, llA /I; n 0 0 M b.() 0-~ N<li=o ;J.. /"i !') ?,1.J 1)./J :/:?.. ~ 3 0 3 15!1 I).~ /1.'l Tot~ ' (J I, t){),l\ 1'~ ll1,L 19 D ,q 1/Jb.C M 100. 214 /JU-t'ft1/C. Sf/411t:tf1IGS MARNI Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const .... .I..' ~ ,,, ., \\ .~ \ JvLI/" Nunmer ~er Cent Coos! Variable Total Const Variable Total Const i, I) I, IA,9 h.0 JI).<( ). J.7 t) j,'J If/. 0.0 ~'I.I 7 II IJ II ?A,I tJ.fl ,ll./J j I () ) 1_<; IJ,O ,.~ I () () () nil /).{) /),/) t) J/1 " Ji 1t2- ,1.{) Jt!l 1 55 /) ,r,r ~M.O /J.() "bb. 16 Alt1v1: M/JIER Nutmer Pei Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Coos! I 0 I 333 (),/J 33.3 I () 0 0 111 o.O /)J. I 0 0 0 /J./: 0~ 0.0 '? I ~ I 2~:1 OIJ n.~ 0 I 0 I 33.3 M .ni 0 0 0 0 ()J) (J.O o.o () 3 0 31140-ll {J.0 oO. .5 .fl[( Nt7AtVI S: A l'/IL Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Yariable ~ '\ ' -'<' '\J - \,) '"~ llt1Gtl<I Number PerCmt Variable Total Const Variable 0 2- tJ.S A.0 0 7 /./1':J /J./J 0 -~ ,f.~ /l./l () J t.5 1).0 0 t) 0.D ,U 0 3 J'/.'I ().I) n /6 v,,,.n /l./J /)£,,!EMQ,/[R Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable 0 I 'JM o.O 0 I 'llll. 0.d 0 3 ~I 0.0 0 0 0.0 A 11 0 0 O.D tJ.D 0 0 00 ao 0 _., /o/J.O IJ.{) Tot~ Total J.7..5 '/.?// JqS l,.'1 b.b J<J.11 oo. Tota ~7111 ,111 f.bJ; ll d <).{) O.t IOIJ.. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 224 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I). l• /H ,,.,,. fl z. 3-/N OlRrll;; 4·/N ~Ln"-. s- &, 7. 8- 9-QTl.l&:P ,,.,,.,...c,r,,-,,::n Total I). 1-m t"JJP 2· -- .oc 3•JN 0/LJ.Nr: 4-Jl'J OJ nC:. s- &, 7. g. 9-0Tp~J? 'Nt,T<'Tar;n Total I). l·JN NJR 2· - ..,,. 3•JN OLIJNf'. 4-JN Rl '"'"-. s- &, 7. 8- 9- J')TZJ~P Total _i; Const I I 3 ,; 0 I/ /I{ Const I ,;' " 0 0 I II Const I) ' I I'.) t) ;}, . <; ,:,,,,, J/JIV"""" Number Perl!mt Variable Total Coost Variable Total /J I ,.3 M ,. CJ I L.3 ()./) ,. ' 5 J(l,q n.5 :11.: 0 Ii :-11.J 0.0 313 0 0 t)./) ().0 01 0 Ji ~.l O.b "'~ 1, JI, ~/.2 18.1 100. /'111 Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total 0 I q_J tJ.i) 9./ 0 5' ;JH AA '/.(.~ 0 1-1 '!J..I{ ll./) JI. 'I 0 () O.fJ IJ.B A!J 0 0 b.D 0.0 11.0 C I (J./ o.l q,/ 0 II l()d,0 IJ.0 Ob. Sel'r1=.,.,,~, Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total () 0 /J, ,1)\ /V (\ -~ I.J.~ /Ill "~ 0 I 11.t, ,1,/J /1.. ~ ll l'1 t?J) /).I' ,1.6 0 0 dJ. 0.1.l All J') l2.- "l5.l J')}\ , ;; 1 d I;? 1170.t ,1_() JIJ{). LI//. - , ~ / fa£/6'"'"/?."" Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total () () D tJ.I. 0.0 ()J) b 0 b bbi o.O 1.1..1 I 0 I II.I c.c /I. I 0 I 11.1 0.0 11.I (J (') 0 o, (}0 0.() I 0 I ,,. ().0 JI.I q 0 q IJoO.n o.o 100, ilvJI/£ Number Per Cent Const ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total I 0 I Jl,.7 ,1/l /6.7 < () ,:; w /l/l 13. ll C () ~.o /J.O ,1 () C I'.) 0. o.c r1.t 0 0 0 O.D ().C (},/) D D /) 0./) ().() M h 0 I, IOM O.D IJtr/. Ot1, oL?,;:1? Number Pe,Co,t Co""t Variable Total Const Variable Total '1. 0 :., I.~ I!./) t..7 13 I JJ/ Jf.V J,l ){1,,/J -~ () .'3 IIJ.0 Q.D I/J.0 " 0 t 7/' /1/ 2,.1 I 0 I :/ d/J .,~ 2- 0 2, t..1 11.£ l,.'l ).'1 I .10 (J/,.7 .1.3 !AO. 215 /(J,dJ;' /1,'A_Rt:# ,t/,P,(JL Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total () 0 C) o./J 0,/) 11.ll C 0 0 O.t 11n c,.l ~L 0 l ~J 111\ ,~'l /'1 /l JI\ 77/1 O.b '11.C/ I 0 I II.I 1'.(l J/. I 3 0 3 ''-' n.lJ ,,.1 I 0 I II.I o.O U.I I ('] I 5.6 o.D 5., t) (l 0 /JA 0./l no II 0 0 M /J.D /1() 5 0 5 55., ().{) 55.t () C 0 o.o o.£ ~-ll q /'J 9 /OM 0-" )Ob. I</ 0 l'l 116M /l.11 100. Jt/L<I A//6t/5r Nunj)er Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 3 ,1 3 'l7 11.D 'l.? j 0 -~ J.'/.3 t1.1J 7'7.3 11 I /'it 1/3.i 2.I, if'-2 </ "' q Zl. /J,I 'IJ.1 5 () 5 11.'J ll.O llfl 6 ~ C /l.l /J.I /J.I 9 0 q fl.I 0./J 1.3.I 0 () /) () I. /J,O /l/J I 0 I ;J,/, tJL 1.1, 0 01 fl n.O ~./_ 0./J 3 0 J ?.? 0.0 '1.1 0 0 0 rte ().l rJ.lJ Ji I ?q 'IV{ 1.i lbO. JI 0 II 11/1/\.0 o.L //JO, A/o;'&M4e~ 0£/!r~.-,,.,..Jl! Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total /J I f 1111 ,:/ r.(J I, I 7 1/.t. ~-' J.li.O '.i I q il/J.O .'i.O 1/5.0 JO I II 35! 3.6 3t3 ,, {] ~ 2!5.0 IJ.b 25.0 7 0 ? t5,l o.D JJ50 J/ l'1 /./ lll.l 11.0 111.0 l- () :.., 7.1 fJ.I ry,/ 0 0 0 ~-0 0.0 O.b 0 0 0 0.0 o.o r),0 I 0 I 5./J OD ·"-" I 0 I -~-" O.l 3./, J?: :,... '10 J/b-0 ltM 140. .16 .1. -,q 9.:L,q '1./ }di).


=== Page 225 ===

0- 1-,N rail 2·/\ -· -- 3-JN 01 'IN!' HN 01 IV- ~ 6- 7. g. 19-l'JTUI' t:1 INl'I, <rran:f' ~ i I). 1-/N ,., ,... " 2,-'\tJT"r\NlQC:. J-1111 o, l>NE 4-/1\l DI "C., ~ 6- 7. g. 9-l"IT"E" IN-,T <:r.OTED Total ID- I• IN r' l>O hN PU~NF ~ 6- g. Total Fi. ,,,, , - -~ I. JANI/ LJ A,, Cc,12,;,,,,,-,</ , M ,e,1;; ANtl Number /PerCmt Number Percent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Consl Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Vari.able Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total fl I q /3.I, I.? J5.3 .'? 0 3 1,.1 11.C J/,.1 .2... I -~ .?-9 /,'I 5.1 q I ID l'/.1 J.I 'JJ.J ;</ /) If 30.5 Ob ://),• q 0 q >OIJ 0.1) "'1.b J(, 0 it f,'f,2, O.l ,'1.2. /9 ) lO J./0.~ J.J ia.5 7 () 7 /1,q ao Il.'-1 ~ 0 3 ,,.1 OJJ Ii,!/ 'I /) 4 7.1 0-D 1.? 2. 0 l 1/3 0.0 /./.3 //J /) 1/l Ii.'/ llb lb.~ /l 0 0 bD o.c o.~ ? 0 7 13.5 O.l 13.5 41 0 /./ (]_~ o.r (l,r. ,,, /) 0 O.l n.D /)I 2 fl 1 ,,., 0.0 Ill 0 0 6 o.o /)/, /\/1 0 0 0 Ill 11,0 l\.f'. IS 0 l.f' '-5.4 ().D ~~i ) 0 J 5,i O.b f.J lo 6 )., 3$ o.r; H II 0 JI '3.J./ /J.l H~ 5~ I 5q r/.3 J.? /Ob- l'l 0 l'l /{)().0 o.o //JO, 5/ I 51 M.J 1.1 IIQ/). If~ t. 117 100. '1.3 110/). M1 u JvA/e Jt/£.J,I llt/6t/S7' Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Cons! Variable Total Const Variable Total Const ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total I 0 I !I. (),b ?.' J 0 ~ ll.D 0 111 /./ 0 I/ 11,/) /).~ '}fl{) II 0 II 1/., /1.0 112 ~/l 3 .''13 a: '-1 H.~ fl /) ti 7H /) '!U: q 0 q )/1,_(J /I~ 1/J.I 31 (l 31 /,,/,5 O.{) f,}.5 3 0 .3 ,.1 O.D &.'1 I () I 1-/.0 0.l '1./J I /) I 5.0 /J.I 5.l 0 a (} O.D 0.0 () /) 0 n 0 o.~ ,t IJ.{) 11 0 o fJ.0 o.D n.O 11 0 0 /)./) o.o O.l 0 0 () 0, n.O /l 0 0 0 0 o.~ MM ,1 0 0 O.b (J Ill /) 0 0 b.!) /J.O ()./) /) O! 0 o.D n.D (J,[) q C) Q 1H /J.O 11.? 3 0 ~ 11.l /J,1 11.1 i 0 ~ '?11.l IJ.0 30.l 9 0 q J?J ()/) 1'1,3 !fl 3 J{.5 193.3 ,.~ 11110. 15 /l 1.5 ~M.{. 11, hM. lO (J )1) 00,l ,1.0 vnb. &1 () Jil oo.o 11,/) IIAb, J/lot1EMl!i'e-t Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 0 I '!,( M '1.' 1 0 7 ).5,q (),0 '" _q 2 0 j tJ. ? ll , t.L.I ~ J 9 '-l.l //. / 333 Q O O Ol (tl II, 3 O ..i 13./ o.O l3.I &, 0 t./ l'/.9 o.O JJ/.~ 0 ~ 0 /l I (lj 11,I I'. a r, 01 II !) 11 I I 0 I l,q f'J.1 J.C /J o ll o.D n.o /J.D Q o n 0.fl {l./J O.l 0 0 0 O.l {l/J {){) I o , H n.o t< D 0 0 O.{) o.O o.O 0 0 0 /J.I (),1 0 l J./ 0 4 3/l.l /U iti < I 5 3 CJ -;ii.i Do.o o.111no. 11 216 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 226 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I). l·JN ('CJ(l 2·(')/JTIVln.:,c l-lN Ol llf'H• 41N l'HI)(.., $- 6- 7. 8- 11-0T~ER IN~T C:TATl=I\ ~ I i ,ll- l·IN r.AR 2-a u-rooo ii~ 3·1N PLAN<, 4-JIJ RlDG.. 5- 6- 7. 8- ii- OTl.ll:11 l'l.l)T SnITEll Total I Ill- l•Jrl l'llR z.,.,, ....,.,,,.,.oc 3·/N OIIINE 4-JN J,tl\r... 5- 6- 7. 8- ii- OT'M-E R. INOT c::TATI;." Total Const 2. .1 f () 0 • I 'I Const .2. 0 1 /) /J It. .2/l Const ,I/ J. 3 I I :1 13 L/'M/111(2A/ ;:-o.e ,., , ,, - .5 J11A1//,t/lN Fc4£uA£v J Number f'erCent Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 0 J, Id~ 11./, tl~ .I./ 0 ~ I)./ 1),4 /). I 3 !tJS ,r.1 ~~ 1 I I, 15. l :u /(}1 0 ~ f.J,J o.t ,Y). I ,y' ~ J{ IJ./ () 0 /J,/ 0 11 (J.L II I, /J L I /J / ,./J ll d J,/J a o a.~ 11_/ t!L / (J / 3.b (JJ 3.0 0 /. I ~It 1V 11.L 17 tJ 11 1-1'/,5 11.t 51.5 I j{/ l</1/.7 i'.1 ~o. '1J_ I U IJ17tl J.tJ ~- M" I /Vc Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total tJ ,2_ /IJ,l M /J,/) I t I ;,✓,, IJ.6 /11.S !J I) IJ,/) tJ.J I) I, I 0 I N.3 t?.!J f/.3 I) !J IA.() /}/ IA,/J 1.. 0 i ?1.& /} ~ .1l. /,, I) t, 1),/J /JI I} /J /J () a {).~ t?./J J. /) (J 0 11.A tl.t ~~ ~ I) (:) I) (J,/) J,0 /) II. fd.b /lL 5JiJ.J 3 I) -~ I lf.2.' 1'./) w,_q 0 2}1 IM.L 11.D vM, 7 () ?1/J0.i Ali IJAd. Scl'TE M4cR Ot!ro/Et:R Number Percent Number Per C01t Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total CO!llt Variable Total r '-I ~-~ ti ft1.ll I I) /~.I d,0 Jh,0 ( 1. '"·" I'll 1,;_II 5 I 5 'i>.O /'Jf rt,/) ( 3 ?'? 0.11 ,<i I I I I ID,£ ll/ 1/J,O I l '!.'. ('Jf 1.'I I ( I io.b nn 10.D () I 7.7 11./1 7J I n I '"·" 1111 1M (l 'J. JS.I/ f'I.C /t,,1/ I (l I IA.I fH ,~.( 0 13 i()/')_O (J./) IIM 10 0 If 1/J/J.l 0.0 /tJO. 217 t?&IAl6 4'V M<2tvu1/s /9<t? Mil£!!;,, ,4,o,e;t.. Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Toi~ ~ 'I) :f u J.~ f.'f 0 tl () /J.d t.M ,1./1 I'/ 0 /1' u,J tJ,I) 11{1!1 </' ;J ~ :n., 0.0 1.'/.I, 'J 0 f' /J. / 11A //, I € ,1 ,r 17.1 O.lf 17.2 " /, 5 ,.1 tJ_I) 1,_q 'I () 'I JJ,'1 tJ,0 /.!.? .2_ d ~ JY /J.tl ;J 0 0 {) p,J Ill! tJ.tJ .t.Y C) 31/ ~.z o.'tl './f.J_ 11. 0 I).. "I/.? tJ.J '//,'( '?2 ,1 7J., VtJl,J JJ.~ 'JJJ. 14 () ~1 I/Jd, 0 IJ,0 /JI. J,,1...1/ A1.Gt1~r Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Const variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 1 5 q /1.J .2b.~ 1.n, I D I 1/./J O,tJ 11.0 I{ tJ 1 16,1 (J,t) 1,.'i IA () /{) J/J,/J 0.0 ifd,0 2 0 2, 1.1 IJ.{) 1.3 1 (l :1 /J.{) I) I\ 11,D 2 () .2 V 0~ (3 1. n :l &'.o /111 f/.l J 0 I 1.2 /J,j i.2 j (.;I 3 1 11.0 01) ll.O 6 fl {, 1,:0 Al 'lkl I. /! ! .1.1{.IJ /111 11/,0 J</ .r; ?A/ 79.1 '16.'I •oo. 1_,, ('_ 25 '/JO.O O.l Jt)b, 11/;;ue~""=" /JGt!E' M!sEtl! Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Coost Variable Total Const Variable Total () 0 0 0.0 o.O 0.0 t, .1 q fl.3 'I.~ l'I.C 5 (I 5 ,J.' 0.0 'l./.~ C, 0 (, 1'1,, n.r 1q.3 </ (1 <i ~1/j 0.0 111.i 3 /') j q_J 0.11 9.? i; (] S 11.~ M 11-7 l u 1 ,.~ (J_() t..~ 0 ~ (l no on (J,ll D C /) ()_() n.a /)(\ 5 (1 5 11.' n.o lJ.? ll ~ JI 11;,5 (),{' t'i.5 .l3 C ,~ ll!O,( ~-~ Od. ,v ~ J/ qoJ q_~ IMO.


=== Page 227 ===

J ..,,,.,,,,,, Fe 4 1/.""" Number l'erC"1t Number Per Cent Consl Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable I). ~ R. J. () ~ 7.~ I//; 7.'l I 2, 3 ,. 13.3 l·riu L .2. ft 1,'l.1 7.'I l'U. J. 0 .1 133 (J,{) 3-jl\l PLA~E q 0 f/:JL (),0 33.3 <f 0 q (,M O.l 4· Jl'I 11J..l'lf.., I () I 3.'l 0.1. J.1 0 0 0 D.D IJ.D s- 6- ,. II- !l-t'JTIH-P I 0 I .1.7 t).L 3.'I I 0 I f,,', M NDT c;ran:fl £ tJ /, 1.2.1.. 0.0 ll..1 0 0 0 IJJ, ,1 ~ '},:; 'L .1.'1 l•u,1 '!.Ii 100. /3 1. l.5 ,,.1 11. • i 111111 1...,1, i Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Coost Variable Total Const Variable Total Const '/ariable Total Const Variable ,I). 1·/N el:itl 11 /l ~ !Tr 0.0 fl!) 0 (l ~ 0.0 2ourrvv11?':. 3 C 3~0.0 () .c ,D.0 I I 1 111i>. OL 3·/N p, AN I' 0 (I o a.c /1.0 tit 0 {I /l fl.O 4-11,1 Rll'lf~. 0 0 C "·l (H /H 0 I ( II O.D s- ,6- ,. !11- /9- t'lTIH, e_ (l 0 0 IJ.0 a.r a.o (] 0 0 (If 0.1 INoT snn-n .2. 0 1 -¼l.0 n.r llfl.0 u C C /J.O /J.( I Total .5 0 SIJO().O BJ l!M. I flnll. 0.0 5G"Pr£'--AEJll Oer,7.iER ' Number Pet Cent Number PetCmt Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable io. I-IN C.ll.fl I I 1 .f.L t, //.l. t /J t 1.1 IJ.0 21'UT"l'>Ml<C. Jj () /./ 12.l o.o 11.l /5 0 /5 53., (1(J 3·1N PL lln1F 9 (J q 5tJ.0 /J.O t.oJJ 5 0 5 17.9 /J,6 4-Jh.l Rl,.l'IG, 2. 11 ') IJ.I r11l JJ.I 1 I 3 'I.I .1., ~ 6- 7. II- 9-QTI-IER. 0 /l rJ 11.0 fl.0 fin .1 /l .3 l~.1 IJ,{) INIT1"S"T.ClrfD I /} I 5J 11.0 !,,I " {I 0 ().O o.~ Tot~ )1 I It q'(.lj I ~.I, 11110. )..7 I ,.<J q,.1/ .i.L 218 M"/U/1 Nu- Per Cent Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 1/J.0 ll /) 0 tJ.D (J./) d.() /3.1 3 I 4 51),{) ,,.1 U.? ~O.tJ J /} I /£., o.b lb.1 b.D {) (l (] M IJ.0 f'J.D 6.' 0 () 0 o.D n.o (If /1./J I r. I 11..'I a.u 11,.1 //IA. 5 I b t3.J 16.? I/DD. J [.(/ Nuntter Per Cent Total Coos! Variable Total Const Variabl e Total an I 0 I JI.I l•J /I.I !JM.0 2, 0 1 ).t2 1.l.! /l.O I (] 11,J I. II.I 8.~ JI (] Ji 11/./JI W.1 w /J () { IJ.O ().{, ().0 o.e I 0 I JI. I /l //.} 100.D q /l q1IM.O o. 0 'fl~. IIIPJ/1£ M4£P Nurrtier PerCfflt Toi~ Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 'I.I ,., I j //J 5.9 I?.? 53., I/ 0 ~ ?1J IJ.d 13.5 17,q 7 {l ~ If/.} M. '{/.1, //J.'I I {l I .3,q 6.r1 5_q 10.'1 0 0 0 /J.O o.o (J.O bl) 1 0 1. 11.'1 8..1 ii. s IAA. 1 I, I /? 9'1. J 5-' h""1 . A o!f1L. Number Per Cent Const Variable Total Const variable I 0 I .1-3.3 /l.O 1 {] 'l £1..'I o.o {) (l r o.o M 0 (l ll /J,O Oil (J /1 (] n.o (j_() (l (J (l 0.0 1m J 0 3100.n (J.t 4,;Gt/5 r Number PerCml Coos! Variable Total Const Variable .J I '-I 1,;l 5.0 12 I 13 1,/)j li.O 2. (J J. 11J.O o.o I fl I 5.0 a.n 0 /}I 0 a.o /Ul " 01 0 O.~ M /1 1 W Qb.O /{).0 0Et!EH./!e/J. Number PerCmt Coos! Variable Total Const variable .3 I 3 21.3 {)JJ J/ ~ '.lJ..~ ~.O .1 3 nJ llO (l I\ 0.0 u 11 l 0 (!( a.1 I 0 I q, (J.l 11 (] JI Jao.D ~.I Total U.3 1.,.1 ll.0 t1n C,.0 11.(J //JD. Total 'J..l.O 1,5.0 IM J.0 0.0 I}.() 'lnO. Total J.'/j ~-~ J.7. 0.( /l.8 q,J !/00, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 228 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I). 1·/li CRR znurno,10~ :i.11.1 Pl,.llNI: 4·1N /H.f'>r~ ~ 6- 7. g. 9-/'JTI.j E:. I<. Norsr=o ~ i i I). l•/N I' nR z,._.,.,..,.,,,~a• l•II\J l'l.llMI' i'-IN rH.nr-. !s- 6- !7. ~ :9•0TU r: /;I ....,,,.. <;TRTJ;;r, Total I). 1·/N C/tl? 21'lurnn11,;,.~ :l·JN OJ l>NE' '4·11J r,, n~. 's. 6- 7. g. s.o,ueo Nl1T' ,;r-111"1=1\ Total Const J .2. 'I I .2, .2, I'/ Const JJ 5/ ]5 'I .2. /JI VI I Const If fJ /2- i tJ ,'I llf'f ,:.(2(,,fVl',2/11 t2E t21ifE£Vtii#s: t2&f4/6 S«,HT(IVGs ,ff MCJ&Vt'S JI/N;,A,>l/ Ft=B"t1""1/ , Mll~eh' /),I), Number P11 .,ent Number Peri::ent Number Percent Number Per Cent Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Tolal Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total tJ J u.o tJt, ,b.D I 0 I f., b.D 5. .1 t, ~ 1/.J b,D II.I J'{ (J. It 13.J ,.~ /5.5 I 3 13.: r-.1 i,M I II I SJ b,0 5. .1 I I{ /1,J 3,7 1'1/1 1/1 3 50 115.1 .2,q 1-/f..5 0 'I ~,. (J.b ~.7 Jt, 0 ID ~s., Ill 55.l I. 0 t J2, o.o ~.2 t. 0 I, ti (J,0 5.V 0 J ,.1 0.0 ,.1 0 0 0 o.O 11,/1 ().0 q 0 9 lll lid 33.1 // 0 JI /4 7 0.0 lh.'1 a J. 13.3 tJ.d 13.3 I 0 ' ~j n II 5.1 I 0 I J'J (I),() 3.1 /) tJ " a.o 11,0 o.o () .1. 13.3 M 13.3 .5 0 5 27.f n.n ).'!,'/ " t, If N.'l ao l'l.'l ~ 0 ;.O It~ c,~ /9.'/ I /j q3_j ,.1 !100, It 0 " lbb-0 fl.8 Iba. .2L I J.1 1'-3 3.'1 JDD, n 5 10.1 00 l{.g IDd, M~ J,t11e J,11-<1 I),,, ,,,,. Number- Pei Cent Number Pe, COit Nuntier Pei Cent Number PerCait Variable Total Const Variable Total Const ·1ariable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total 0 JI '1.7 o.i, q_'7 IS I ,, f.• 0,l Q,I (I/ 'I 1,/ I.. ,1q '1.f "II 2, //3 NJ O,' 14-f 1 .53 J/5.I l.<J "11..9 91 J 95 5.1.3 /.1 J'l.0 J71 J Jfo l,tf{2 o.11 J/,f,I, 1?7 7 ;ul 'fl.II ,.~ 5/,2 ,1 15 11. O.b 12.I If " 19 /b.9 o.O Jb,i 61 J 1,9 t, ()./ t.7 1-9 .t 3/ ,,. o.s 1.f 0 t 7./ ll.0 7.1 f () i t./.5 O.tJ J.J.5 1/ .~ '!JJ 1/.6 0,1/ tf,L J.tf >f. 31 (,5 /,() i,5 (l ), /// ll,O /J 3. () j /.} 11d /./ IJ 0 IS /,', /J.O I,? ! () 5 ./.: 0.0 u 0 Pl /).,I/ 1W /i..'t % (J u 'JO.A n.o U,1 Jf5 (J Jf5 J.3J 11.6 i3.S 'It 0 7t 11. M 11.'I :., JJ'// 9f.2 l.'l JOD- J7J. /../l'U ~1- j,l JDD. ?tf /'I l'lf).. 9f.1 IJ iot,. .JfJ, l.f 1.1'17 1//,,)., 3.S J~D. 5°EPTEMAEJt Ot!.ro'IJ~"" //Jt?//eMAJ:L. 0E!EJ.?,9Gte Number Yeri;ent Number Per Cent Nunter Per Cent Number PerCmt Vanable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Tot~ I Ii (l.J (Jj r.~ I/ I ID IJ.' /./ JJ ( 5 .t.. 7 1.5 J.l IM .J, 3 f fA f..l 15 j 15 '{9. ~ 3.1 .f).1 'f] ·o .yJ 1/t.7 OJ 1./1..' " .2. 21 ;f;J 3.l '3/, 1 /J I /9 ).7,., 1.5 1U 0 12 7!-/ o.o 'f.il 15 0 1, /1.3 d.O JI,, f I) 1 JJ.9 Ob 1/J 1,{ I 1t .17.1 1.5 31/f 2 /~ 'i. 9 U.. !../ /II 0 Ii 15.2 t1,6 lil J./ /) 'JI ~J.3 Al 31.J /J t1 //) 15.2 o.o 15.2- (I 0 t1.0 /) /) A.t1 2- 0 j 2. ~.I J.~ 0 ~ 0 IJ,0 O.b n.d I j I 1.5 M ;.t; () .19 ;ii.I (J./J -;.'f. I 1 /) { '£.j o.b fj IA 0 14 /1/.~ il JJ/,9 5 () 5 7.1, t1,J ?,~ {/t}., 95.1 'IA ~d. 9/ I ft, flf.? /. I !/N, 1.3 I{ ~7 91.0 {•. l d4. 1,/ 5 1./, 9J,'I '1-~ IAO, 219


=== Page 229 ===

r,ute CA~, '1nA 4 r/_f?JI/ ,:;,,:.- ,;,,-_,;r/11/r, ,.,un-t; t?,e .<;;.Ow/NG s <&~A,,O> A~ L/s~ 6-/0 SE~l),.,7'_< ,, 11-.10 ${'c_l),v?)<. 1'1mber PerC01t Number PerCeat Number Per Cent Enlllltion Certain Doubtful To1'I Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooubtfut Tolal Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful To1'I Certain Doubtful To1'I IHl11I011 I .5 L. IU J.t ,/9 tl ~ ,2, '?" 4. '1 .r/7 ,.2. 4- ,:. J.D 6.o ?.tl l•AstlanDltical u ,d,. ?'t :JQl 1;l.~ '-'I g /111 '1 19 :13.2. .:z,9 I.du/ I.J 3 /t:'. 1194 II 2.!.9 z.Airaaft 1 II IR .(.7 S.4 i1d~ ,t r , 9.3 1/.L l2t19 II I If l//.4 !19 2K. f 3-Li;,tl'henom. ,,, ~ £ 4tl /(,, /.I. I " / J?.a /}/J :t-.1 ,:1 I / 6.tl /.J' /.5 I-Birds I I 2, ,? 11 /J {l /./, ,,, " 17 tJ.tl ,?,? ,?,? A " tl /J_/J ~.,, ,., ,, $-Clouds, Dus~ et~ ,fl " /) 11.7.t) Atl ~/) p 0 /J /J./, /J.i? .O.C, ~ 0 0 t!J.tl t?.tJ tJ.tl 6-lmuffic. • .,. .1 0 .J' :J.4- /2P 4,U 4 e, f 1- () /7,/J ~tl .r 0 t>' 1f" tl.tJ ,,.,, 7-Psydlolopcal " 0 0 /)I) '?n ,,,, 0 d 0 /J,/J /J./J tJ.O t? I I dtl /.!, 1-5 1-Unl<no• /_;. " /2, 'I.I OP ff 9 0 f 1?.i? /9.,? 2P? 17 " 17 £5".q ,?,,? 26".~ ~tile< .] I ✓ ./.Q tJ.I 1.t. " " /J 4/J tl 0 tJ_,:; ,:t I!) 4, 2t? /J.P J.o T~ 63 Lo 123 lrl.1 41.K /,?tl. 121 It 43 IL1.I $1. :'} /ti?. fp 11 t1 1'74.h :l/:4 lltlt'- it I ,S,;,-.,.;-_ ,< - .S ..,,,..,. rlFS t:.·!lo >J,tHII r(:.S 011~,e ./,t) /11,1,v11rl!'--' Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nunter Per Cent Ewaluation Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtlul Total Certain Dwblful Total ertain Doublfu I To1'I Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ,2t, /9 J'? 111.1 /f.:l ~/. ti ,7/ 20 4'/ 1114 111..r 1-1'.1.f II,. .3 l'I ~"-" J.E 2.1.i l•Astmnomical J- 4- f Q,/? ?• ~t, n .r /fl I lo; 4, Vef 11 12 J- 17 I/.( l /,.;z_ 2/.t. 2-Aircraft I~ q 2/ 9:7 1~ /~ tJ 4 /¢ /{? L~ II b lf:'f r /:J. /7 /..2 /S:tl 2/.2- 3-Lidll Ptlenom. ,:1 0 0 tJo AA I)_(? ;l J' ~ h ~/ 6-i , t) ,, ,,,, LUJ 121? 4-Birds IP {!J t? ~/} ~/} /),t) ,1 () (7 ~..., 4,1 ,,,_ /) " 0 /J t?.tJ tJ. tl O.c? $-Clouds, llvs~ et~ I 4 5 tUl 7., UA 0 0 t? t?.tJ (J.,? ;2,J p 0 /J CJ.& 4.t) /J.tJ 6-lnsuffic. Info. .- e, 5"14o /J,tJ 4.tl 9 () f '1.4 ,,,_,,, 'f.u I " / /;I. ,:J.,t? /.£, 7-Psydlololical J I 2, ti.ff ~q /.I, J- el ~ ~/ C?./J (/./ £1 /J 0 dtl C.£ CJ. C, 8-Unkno'llln J'f 0 .1f .1/..J· ;J_t) J'/.S ,:l/ " .:u ln:4 t}t) 1;1.fl .l:l 0 2.2 1.27.f /1.CJ ~:(~ 9--0ther 4 0 /,I .1.:Z. tltJ 5.1.. ,,1. " .t, 1-1 d'./J /.~ 4- t!J ✓ l.r'.o at7 5.tl Toi~ 87 ]1 11;1.1/. I'1A? :J.9.i /tlP. '/'I 44 /.)/ M.t. ~f.4 I /,a::1 ILtJ ,2,, Jt, 17.r.o .?t: t) /(JP. Ft1,,,_ ,?t,l,44r;n•, 0,,: S//'=-, "'6 ME-rAt.L/t! $ ~E<o-¥- ,.,. L~~ ... 6·/0 SIF<o,,O>s I 11-3~ Seu,h'.z,~ Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain ODllbHul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doomllul Tolal Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon .t I .J' 'J.'J ~8 l//.5" " ,:l :z. ~,,, /tl ,;- 1/t?.; I d 5 J.f° 'fl fl.9 1-Asbonomical I :2 2 J.~ '1 "1 /f." ,,,, .:l :J, lrJ.CJ //J..f /tl.~ .2 0 ~ J./. CJ.t? f.t 2-Aircraft ;;l. ' fl 7. 7 ;u.1 jOf x I 9 J/).1 5. 3 lu,:~ /'i It _'15" 35.9 ,in,, tRs ,3-LiaJ,t Ph!IIOIII. I n I J.I Cltl J'.i () I / tl.tl 5."3 5',.J' p I / t:J.t7 If ;..i' I4-Binls I (7 I J'.R /J.tJ .?.S ,? (!) /J ,?(J /J. /} ,? /, p 0 p ,?,/J /},/} "· [s-c1oud~ llvs1,et~ p 0 p ,.,_,,, tl./J t9. t7 p 0 tJ /J./J .tJ,O /J.,::J t7 0 0 tl.t? t7. c? tl.o 6-lnsutfic. Into. / () I .?.fi O.tJ .J.f I eJ / 5:f CJ.CJ 5..s I " / ✓-~ tl.O If 1-Psyc1'>Iogical I Cl I .J'. K' ,:?.t) J'. f' t!l 0 0 .,,,., LJ./J t).O ;,2 I ,1' ?t. /. f 5".f' JI.Unknown {, 0 L n. p tJ :2.1.J 4 (!) ✓ LJ/.1 tl.tJ 21. t q el 9 /{,./ t?.tJ It.I 9-0ther .;l. 0 ~ 7'7 t7.0 7.r ~ t7 t? tJ.O CJ.I? /JO ,:, (!) I? 40 t?.Cl ao Total I? 9 :Z6 l.:':d JU /t?t7. /3 6 /fl 11.n J/./.. /,?,:?. 34 ,,l.2 .s-/4 bP. 1 39.3 /tJtJ. I,/ .$,F<owD~ - .!:° /4,,vo7"~< ,r. -3t7 M/Nv7"<'..t: Orts,e .Jb NI.. , ..-• 1'1mber Per Cent Number Per Cent Number ' Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total J;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtlul Total 0-Balloon .21 /0 .71 /"1./., 1.4 1.t£. ,.,]( /2 f,f 12.(? J/'l 3'/.t. JI 4 15 /'1.3 10 '21,.1 I-Astronomical I 0 / 41.i tJ.tJ t1 I & I I 11.16' /./} /.tl .~ I Q .r.~ J.i 11 2-Aircraft ,:/() /[ .?s It.I l,'/.t >?9U /tJ ,lo .10 9.9 /9.I '29.1 ,2 2 Q .:?.5" J.j' -?,tl 3-LiaJ,t Phenom. I I ~ tJ. fl /J.~ /.t ll I I '?,? /.0 /.tJ /7 ti 0 t).(7 ,? I'.) (J. 0 4--Birds i 0 I ,,,_ $' 'f" tJ. ff ,, 0 /J tJ.tJ ,1/J .,,.,, & ,:J tJ .tJ.0 o.tJ loa S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ ,:J 0 tJ dtJ ,?.t) tJ.O t? 0 /) P.tJ tJ. tl /1(7 .? /) j :,: .7 0.0 G"J 6-lnsuffic. a1o. 17 0 I~ 14.3 O.tl ,1t/.1 q 0 f RI/ ,t?.t} g/ " 0 tJ atJ O.tJ CJ.CJ 7-Psydlolo&ical I 0 I as a,., ,,? y / 0 I ;,, .t7JJ /.0 ..2 t) ,a, $.G" ,?.,:J _g5 1-Unl<nown ,it () 2t l:J~f t?-P V.i /~- 0 l/5' 11,1.9 ,!J.,:J /<(? -n () 27 147.4 a& (/)(I"( Jl-00,e, ,2 .J ~ I. 7 ,;.J- kz 4- ,2 (, 4() .2.D ~-ll 0 :< ~ CJ.CJ 1.S" 7.S Total 917 .29 JJtl l7J.I. J.d.tf. /Pt:J. tf ,JI, /tJI 1/.4.~ 3J:t. ltl/J. IJi 9 !,"7 ,M.:i /.f.i /a:! 220 wr11r£ OA./FAr<: J 1- ho .SC.Co'(' ..... - Number PerCeat certain Ooolrtful To1'I Certain Doubtful Tot~ t) I I ,,,., .J CJ ~-tl .,2 ~ ✓ ,/. I 41 1:t. /111 4 ✓i:/ ?._4 ~' 2f.l, A e, tl tl-tl t?.,t? (7.,:7 4- I S" f?.£ UJ ,AA " 0 tl tl-tl t?.tl (JO 6 t) t, /:J? tl.O /:2. ~ ,1' 0 0 A.t? &-tl tl. 0 /ti 0 If 3,t.J' Clt? E'K1 t9 ,:, 0 tJ_/1 tJ.tl atJ '11 j 49 U7 It.?. /(Jt). ·x,u, ... .,, r,."t' .u,,r .<.,...... r~ Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Tolal certain Dwblful Total 17 1 /t:'. 1/IJ.4 f. ,- /£",tJ _;t(, IJ' # llt." tJ. :z 21(.?. /,,).. ( /f? 7.4 3. 7 If.I " tJ /J t!?.tl /J,C7 ,,,_ (7 I 0 I tU,. t).C,) ,:7.{. -2. (P :z.. /1 ,::,_,; /.:2 ..ZJ t!J .:25' lf".1 tl. tJ /'.<, :i. I .1 l.:Z. a,,, /. I? .J(, 0 ?L l;?,J.; ,!7,tJ ~2. I/ 0 /I L. 7 cJ.i? ,t.. 7 1/J...? 31 llt3 ~1o /tip lt?t?. .eeeo,e r.eo o,tfJ§ers .31- 60 ~(:~o..r?>c Numter PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwblful Total ..2 .:z fl' 4'4 .1.4 Ix"."~ p ,t .,,, t:J.t1 {((/ i-<lq' l'1 7 ,u/ !,?_9 /J:L 5".l./. eJ I I /J.tl .:J.:i :?.2. I 0 I :t.z CJ./, 2.2 ,:1 .t:J 0 (1.cJ i?,Cl ;,7,,:J ;, t) .:z.. 4,d "?/J du dl (} 0 a/J ,?./? /7,/2 lb (!) /t) 2)). t:J.t7 22..J I 0 I 2.2. '7.tl 2.2 33 I .2 4-.r 1,1_~ :2,.1 l1,1tJ. 7).,/P.,.YI_,- - <r~-r€1'1 Number Per Cent Certain Doobtlul Total Certain Doubtful Total Jt 1- ?./J IJ../, ~ I /S:7 I- 3 ;1 .?.I -:1.4 5".'i ,(3 I .?/ /8.1 /..3 2if~ I 0 I I)~ i?.17 LU ti I I ,?_,? ,,,_51 ,,,_g A t} (J ~.,, t!?." t?.,::J .Ji ,:, 2.,f ,, () -'?/J :22-, I 0 I ,?_g' ~,? 1,-,_ S" :l.'1 0 2.f l..?i.S /J.17 :22.~ 9 0 ·1 1.1 t:7. t7 '7"./ /// 16 /,27 1%1.¢ h.L /tJI?. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 230 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0.BallOOII l•Astiunomical 2-Aircrlft Hi&hlPhoiom. 4·Birds >Clouds.Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo1ical II-Unknown 9-Qllle, Total r-- Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircratt 3-Li&htPh.-.m. Hirds I-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo.' l•Psyeholo1ical 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Totm I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aireraft 3-Li&htPll.-.m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological II-Unknown 9-0ther Tot~ Evaluatioa 0.Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&h1Pht110m. 4-Birds S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-tnsuffl~ tnlo. 7-Psydlolo&ieal 11-Unkno• 9-Qtlr,, Total ;°/J,,. A--•• t11"' o,<,-,r-/1 /,c 17.IIJEt!?" ,,,,,, ,?S,, s- A,_ /_,,., ,(-10 S ·~-,;"'/).< , //- ~- ,$',!:'~~K-• Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t:? I I /J,,., ,l.,1' ?,; I I 2. 6't1 ,,✓, ll.at1 ,:? I I h1 .?. .:l f!.2 l.r // .it, ~1J' l.:11.J- tS'.t, t I 9 ld?v 5:tl 14.o.O I. I 7/B (/.1, 155 4 .z t /P.o .fn /5:t, ~ .z ✓ lt!tl /t?.17 1 ,Mtl .s- 4 f //.I R.4 ~(I.I!) p CJ /J ,,,,., /Ir? ,1() /) 2 2. ~,, 1t1.t1 //Ji!) p Cl t'J tUl dtl I.a,::, 17 0 17 "'- t1 ,:?.(? t'J.O p CJ t1 tltl '1 /J ,,,,, p 0 /J atJ tl.t? 17. tJ I 0 I ,t.6' .4.0 2,5 ti t) t1 tltl ,?0 /Jr? ti I I (J.tJ 2.:2. 2.:2 .J- 0 s- /,l.J t?.t:J 12.,, I 0 I 5:/1 dt1 5,/J ? " :I If.I. 4t1 '!,:L tl 0 t1 t?t1 aCJ /JO ,!) 0 t1 ,?.tJ /J,,, IJ.tJ " t) CJ t2t1 at? ,:J.,:7 I 0 / :2.G ao ,u; 2 0 1,- lt?tJ ,?,1 /tJ.O /tJ () /tl ;;;, tJt? :t2.t t) 0 t'J /J.tJ '; A .,,~ ,? () t1 ,, ,., t2c? 1117 .,t i 10 4. 4 11., t,:J.t ~t ;;/ 4o /,J'o s•':°o W.?. /ti ,:. .:/() 1t:?t, 5tl.tJ /tlt! it? /!, /J- tt.? J13 /t1.?. {,/ Sc&~DI -~ rtHvrF.r &.-~,, 14,,.,,,,.,.,,,~ tJve ✓t Jp /11/,,.,,rF.r Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Pe,Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /4 J d lf.L :,~/. .!/2 " IZ 21 J/.1 J.{ 0 11..2 7 -, 11/ ff 6' 3.J' 11.P a 2 2- tJ.tJ 2.Z 2.t .r :l 1 /..2 ~.f ff.1 9 I It? 11.0 I. 2 12.2 JI.. ? 2s 111 1.3 25.t, n ' 19 1L.1 1.f' ~!.7 I 3 ✓ I /.2., 1'1 ¢9 .,;. I J' :JJ II ..?.J' t7 t:, t) /1/J t'J.t:? 4tJ £) 0 /J ,J,() !?./7 /J,O " 0 tl -?"' /J.CJ lat' ,11 I I 17.17 11 ;.t, 3 () ..? 17 /J,t? .?.7 ,; 0 t1 /7 ll CJ.Cl II?./? I 0 I ,,2,, 110 /. t, .J Cl :J .J'f tJ.o J.7 ? " 7 7. Ji O.tl 7.! /2 Cl 1:Z. 115.() ,at) g,() 1.d " ;;/ 11./ t'J.CJ /7. I ,!J t7 (l /7,? cJ.c? t1. t1 :J 0 2,. .t.5 17.() 2.!: J " 3 1.';1 /J.tl .J'.7 .JI Q J'/ fd.4 (1.,2 1/¢.'4' /t) Q It' I/J.J .ac 12,,; .2' () .tt 3/? ,,,, 3/.1 .r 0 5 .n, tl.O 5:&, 7 0 7 I.I O.t:J i'.K 4 I ,:; 4-. 9 J.'1, t:I '/5' /5°' ?o ii.B It., ttJP. 59 .2 I Jt) 11.i )t.2 /Po. ?'/J l:t h J[4 //).I. '"'? lt(tf Etl//LU/9U,P//I c2E l'U-4 '>IGHOAIGS FIJ.P- ,,, 'ALJ_,./.,-,,.J Ae _ _, J~,A/L -,d..-!IA~t:r- _,,,,,.,,, t":/ CJ/• AIL s SEl!bN'J)S ""' ,,,,, ~ -/e, S<'~OKl>~, //-Jo t't,-,'z;,s Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Nundler Percent Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Totm Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I} 0 11 t:J.IJ I?,!? ao t) 0 t:l t?,t} atl t!t:J ,1? L) IJ /J.IJ /llJ tJ.11 17 q .tt 133.~ /1./, 5tJ9 ,, I ,? 31. J 4.:1. ;1,., d. ,, ~ l/1.l /It gf-,1, 3 ' t j:'J II.I /~7 6 ~ i .Jf.o l'.3 'h.S ~ ;Z. #' 9. I ?, I l&'.Z " 0 I? tJ.r. /J.tJ ,?,17 ~ tJ tJ /) /, /J.tJ aa tJ 0 17 tJ.tJ tl.o a,-; " I I 't'J.IJ .?CJ 2.tJ ll CJ t'J IJ.t:J t?.c? ll.0 I p I 4.J t?.tl f(6 ~ p t1 t).tl J'l.tl O.t? ll 0 ,? 4.;;; Cl.17 /JtJ /J CJ tJ /J,/J tJ.t:J /J_/) .f. 0 ;/ 7.i /lcl 1.R t7 0 tl /7,? tJ,c? t?.o p () t1 LJ.P t?.O t'J.O I CJ I 2.0 ,1/1 ~n t'1 0 t1 17,/J 17./J 17.tJ I 0 I I/ e; ,,,,,, d,. ~- 0 < '1.i atl a r t) s- !JA,I ,,,,, 111_1 7 0 7 JLI /J,/J ~1,9 4 I ,,; .,_ ff ~./J ?.~ I 0 I 4.~ '7.0 .«?. tl I I lt?.CJ .;r 5' </1, .~4 l'1 ..rl U.7 33.3 lltJ(J. .:/1 ,J .2 4 l1t /:?..l' /t)(), /,J- 1 ,,n 1'1.; .JLI /(){), t.1.<,.,~-~~ - .,; ,.,,._,,,r-,, " - .. A ~ '·•-'.S 1!1,.,-~ .3o /4~-.✓ .,- ,.,_ Per Cent Number PerCenl Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ J- 9 7.o u 15.1 &, ;J. S 1,.1 f.4 21.t 3 0 .? /y(j t1.t1 1¥.J /I ,I // /JI') '/.'1 '1;17 ~ I ti i.1 ..7.f 117.t; 2 4- 7IM.~ /9.o J'.U 7 I' /~ /:J,3 14.o 2t.3 ..2 :2 /,I 5".',J ,;:,e/ 11t1,i n 1 1 t?.tl IV? 1¥..1 .2 0 2, J.!: ao 5.G' (. 0 t lt.2. ·at1 /t,.2, I 0 I Ii R tJ,O ✓R ,I!:/ () /J /?.!? LJ.O ran c () t7 .,, ,, ,,,~ IJ.t? n 0 tJ JJ.l'J /J,O /J,t) A () ,? ~~ ,7,,? 17" J9 4? /J t:).() /J,/J t).tJ (/ 0 IJ lalJ t7. tJ t?.O (. 0 h IJ.S IJ.17 /tJ.5 I ,, I ?.f? 17,0 2.r n () t1 ,.,,, /J. /J 1,-,,n I .2. .f ·7t .-lf ;,.3 ~ 0 t1 aCJ 17,0 tJ. ti n I I (l.tJ ¢.R' 4.'! /.r tJ 15 :1/_3 ,,.,., IJJLj I :L t:, 12, s:i.4 /),? u_,-, J- 0 ,: !?l 9 Al? 2U J Cl g .f. ~ ,1/) ,:;_3 c ,;t 2, LJ.I? s-:u ,;Q' I " I « I? /1,t} ~J .18 If /' 7 ILL., 13.3 10a .1,, 7 .11 ii.I I/Ii /OP. JJ 8 ..2.1 lt:1.4 11.I IPP 221 Al/Jr' .~r,9-rtfii'a ~1-L~ ..5#1,uYD~ Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .J .:l 5 91 , ..r lt.Z .1 I 5 ~~ J. :i ~.., .a,. ~ t ,~ q 1,,,t,' /f.4 11 t) t? /l.0 LJ.tl ,!).tJ ,., tJ /) /l.tJ tl.Cl CJ./J ,!) 0 t7 t.J.O t:l.t7 ao .t. Q fZ ;.ti, -'?" ,/.,£, ,? t) t:? tJ.t? CJ.CJ CICJ /4 " 1¢' k2 £).CJ 9°'£.1. t7 I I ,?,? f.:Z. 5.Z 21:, ,:. $1 f,,J. 1'14- I/~ ~..,-,,,.,. ,v.r S:-rArF 1> Number Per Call Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /J /0 :is 4.9 1.i i.1 ,14 I[ !it/ IL.r S:f.. VI .2 :J ..ZJ ¢,:. JU, J.t,, dt :J ? ,:. P.1 ;Jf 1.,:. 4 I 5 /J P.4 1.9 I 0 I (J.t/ 12/J tUI ~~ 0 ~s 2,.1 17.t'J l?p.'.1 ,? I d I.I 4,Q I. G' 14-9 Q d'? 11.4 t.:!(1 lf:1- ,~ I .,✓, 11 /Jd rs 21.f 5J .1Lt Jo I Jl/.9 :ltJO. -,A AA,,,,, -- .,,,,A --_.,. -r-S° ~ /- ,t" S°E't:,,,v"J;>.< Number Per Cent Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total. I 5 .(I ,J.~ If.I 2// .:l 2 // ,,, ,,. I/J5 21.CJ ,2 2 ¥ IIJ.5 i/l.5 1-?/.0 " ,., /) /) 17 ,1 tJ tJ,/J I ,:; I '>..1 /J.~ !!,,j' t) ,:, tJ /J/7 t?. Cl tl,CJ I ,:, I G'..1' /J t7 s::s J 0 I ,:;-_.1 .,.,..., !>..5' 4- " ti 11{ / /J.tl :?/ I ,tJ 0 ,;:J /}.,? /,2.,? 10.,::, 12 1 19 IL~ 2 3t..l ltlt1. 'J)n,,,,,.,.-,~ N,r ,[r..,.,.,,z, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total d J G .~":l /4 71., II tc, 17 Jf."l I. 1 :t¢1, II l 1? 1£9 51,7 2¥., I 0 I 1.;/ ,,,.,J u/ () () ,., ,,,_,, ,,.,.,., tJ. t7 n n /J l?,/7 ,l),,:J do 7 () ,._, I0./ /J, /) ,,, I I t:, I ;J/ a.o 14 It: 0 It ,.n:i. ,,,, 11.?t I 4- ,. /.U ,:;J 'f '2, ..r.i 11 t9 17./.4 .14.t IOtJ.


=== Page 231 ===

titA?E &tSt ro~ - ,,e - YELL"'· ,:,.,e Gl.tlt,,////16 Y'E/...LOJ./ n4t£t!r.S ,5 .;"<f",:-- ✓-- ~" 1,,., 6 - .I,., ,$ ~t,b#'('D.'!i ,,, //-3(J _.!:,,. _ _,.,,b.S 1,.,-:.,., C,::eo,r'z,., lmmber Per Cent Number PerCenl Number Percent _, Per Cent Enlaalion Certlin Doublful Total Certain Doublful Total Certain Doubtfut Tola! Certain Doulllful Tola! Certain Doulllful Tolal Certain Doubtful _Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doulllful Tolal 0-8111000 & t'J " tl./J '-0 "·" p () 0 ,d,i ti." ld.P o2 I 3 IAA f.p /5.fJ /) 0 () "·" t'J.() A.() 1--ic:al /} _r //.. 14,., JR_ r .r,~ ' (J t. l.d/J '-" 14C.i ? -? t. /J.'A /f,() l.1Ao 'I ~ q Mo /()_() l.&J'."o 2-Aircrlft J -1 .r //./ 7d //.r -1 I -~ / ✓ .4 '1."l I '1,f./ .J 0 3 I.U-fJ ,.,., lf.o ~ .,_ ,S' /J~(J /A() .)J.D J.lidrtPheno._ . / D I :t.? "·" J.'J 0 0 b ,.,,, A () ,P.O ,., 0 0 1/.fJ "·" (JO () I I II.ti ✓ .o .r:o 4-Birds ~ I I P.p ;.--, J.7 I I .2 -t.1 '1. 'f 1.1.'4 () 0 () t1.o 17.(J ().() t) 0 0 A() A.O IJ.IJ ~Clouds, Dus~ elc. I) 0 0 ,f}_t) 0 0 t/.0 0 0 0 ,.(} "· (J '" b I I /1.0 .s: () ~" ~ 0 0 '·" t).O ().() ~lnsutlic.lnfD. I 0 I J.7 P.(J $.? 0 ,0 0 11.fJ ,. " A.fJ 3 D ~ 1/./:0 "·" 1/J."o , I 0 I .[p P.O ~" 7-Psycllolopc:al " 0 p ,_,., I) I) l).O A 0 " ,_(J o.o '·" J 0 I LO "·" ~-" / 0 I J: I) ,.o .r:o 1-Unlalo.. ..I 0 -~ /// " I) Ill ,:t 0 ~ l.f.4 "· () /J.~4 $ 0 j 1/ ✓ .fJ "·" I 1./'.o ~ 0 -3 /J.d tl." J.t:() ~- 0 0 0 0.e, 00 ,.o /:, 0 0 11., ()./? ,.o 0 0 0 d.,0 P.D "·" 0 0 0 /1.IJ P.O ().D Tolal 19 i ,;t7 1--1,,4 ,1.9(,, IAtJ 1/ ~ /3 lt/.L IJ:4 lot?. IS ,S' .:20 11.r.(/ ,.ro 11&10. JS 5 I.lo l~.(o ~:o I IP() t, I S.ce,~D~ - .,; M.. •rl'• /..- 'I'~ Id. u-- JJ,,G"tt ..3o 1v1,_,,,,..,-.s lJv,p,<>n.,r d, r <~-rt!~ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCenl Evaluation Certain Doublful Total Certain lloublful Tolal Certain Doublful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tolal J;erlain Doublful Tolal Certain Doublful Tolal Certin lloublfu Tolal Certain Darblful Tolal 0-Balloon I 0 I 2.i Pl!J ,J.j t 3 q 1/t.2 LI i:2tf_1 d, J 1 '.12.:1 lt..'7 l~l.9 s 2 1 1/f.'/ ..r.l.. 14. .t I-Astronomical J ~ 3 7. R .rL Id J .3 111-11· ~-' ,:,,{. t) .2 ;,_ 10.0 //.I 11.t 6 4- /() 1/t. 7 1// 1.718_ 2-Ain:rafl .R ,f /(, :1.. ~ .,.,_, /Add 4- j 7 'IQ.J ,f_ I 1/1(; I I ;, .r.L .t:L. !;fi I 0 I .7' ()0 ;H 3-Li&ftt Pllenom. ,J I ? r '- ;?.3 1.4 .J 0 3 JJ 0.D i'.J ~ 0 ,, t'-' I!/" ,9.0 I 0 I ?f O.o ;;_g 4-Binls CJ 0 0 · PP (),0 11.o /) 0 e, P.o ,. 0 0.0 I) 4 () P.IJ PO IP.O " 0 " O.o 0 O , ,, .o ~louds, Dus~ elc. /J 0 p tl., "· () "·' /] /) 0 0. ii 0 ,, "·" " 0 p /1.(J 11.P Q.O ,t) 0 " P.o ().O 0.0 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. .1 0 • -? t. ~ (). 0 1.3 I 0 I .:J. 7 AA l~."1 ~ t'J ~ II.I /J.P //./ t 0 ' /t.7 l').0 /t.1 7-Psycll>lojical tJ " p 0() o.o ().I) ~ " 0 ~" IJ.O ().(J 0 0 i!I t).D IJ.O d.O CJ 0 D "'·" ,,,, O.d 8-UnknoMI /t!) 0 /l!J :n.s 0.0 ., .. j 6 0 t. IL.2 ().o Jt..2 4- tJ 4 .Z,."J o.o :1.1.2 /,:J 0 /0 ,.,.,, h.0 ,.,_g 9-0ther ,, 0 0 l).O ,, 0 1/.D ..2. I 3 l.r:4 :2 -, I. I t) I I "·" .1:, ..t:(, I 0 I :21 ,:J. () -7.I Tolal :<J // 1~6 M<7 311.(, /QP. :27 10 3? 11J.o l..?7.o /00, // 1 Ii if.I !l.'1 1/QO, ,!P 6 3t f3.? /1,.7 /190. ,fg///lf.. VA VtldL Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nurrber Per Cent Number Per Cml Certain Doublful Tolal Cerlain lloublful Tolal Cerlain IJo,mlful Tolal Certain Oooblful Tolal Certain Doublful Tolal Certain Doulllful Tolat Certain Doublfu Tolal cerlain Darblful Tola! 0-Balloon I :l I ? L ? IJ.d 1-Astronomical I J A.O L.? "· ? 2-Aircraft 2. ,.1 IJ.P /;J ·-' /,J.J .r 6. l..tb .r., J,.(/ ,,:t. 3-Light Phenom. 0 I ✓ .(/ IJ.P f.Q 0 0 0 '·" IJ.() O.() 4-Birds ?I I J "·" A.o ,.1.(/ o 0 0 /J IJ.(J () (I o.o S-Clouds. Oust, etc. .0 (J .. A ().(1 IJ.O t) 0 0 A.() I).() Q.O i!) ().;, d_() ,,, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 0 0 0 I).(/ (}_(J "·" (J) 0 t'J P.o '·"' OQ 7-Psychological e, I P.O J~o .(o () 0 t!) /Jj) /Jp 0.0 S-Unkno'MI 0 ..2 1 .. u P.o af 3 0 9-0ther 0 0 "' A.P P.D 1.0 / , L.J 1.(/ L.3 " () 0 ,.() '·" ,. " I 0 I t.? o.o (. '7 Tolal I;/ -<~r;o-ro -$ .t4t,,,,,..,_ /.;-."/\ M.~ .. ..-,:~ /J,,G"R ?, M ... ,,,,..1:r,- 7).,,,,,,r..-- ,,.,. <--r,,-» Number PerCfflt Number PerCfflt Number PerCenl Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doublful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! ertain Doublful Tola! Certain Doublful Total i;ertain IJo,mlful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Tolal Certain Doublful Tolal 0-Balloon I ;i. 3 ~'I .{.? u 3 3 6 4.d ~A 11..I I () I L3 l).O .1: ~ 3 I ,t J~,. /.7 /..'I I-Astronomical :J._ I 3 ✓ .1 1.'I £1. ..r I I. 1.r.t 3. I 111.-, -~ ~ 5 If.I /1.J ~L~ },;J.. /.,2 .2.d .7p.? ?A_., ,{J.d 2-Aircraft ., ( II 11~3 17.I 11.4 4- 4- k ih.J /:JS 12J~P ~ 0 2 ;,.., /)_() 1/A.r {; 3 9 11,.~ fl /J.J J.lidrt Ph...._ p I I 0.0 2'1 -1."I / 0 I .!I 11.e, .J.I <P .0 &) '"" (I.ii 0.P 4 /} tJ 11.0 ().P A.O 4--Birds 0 () 0 .. A tJ.P 0.0 () 0 ,,, il.p p" /J.A tP ,0 () 0.17 0.0 ().0 ~ 0 ,., tJ.o P.P /1.P ~Clouds,Dust,elc. 0 .J ~ /,JJJ l.t. £'1.. ,:J 0 0 tl.(J "0 0.d " I I P,P .u, f.3 I) I I P.I /,? /.7 ~lmfflc. lllD. I 0 • J :7.f o., 2.'i I 0 I .1.1 l).(J .J.I I 0 I .s.~ ,., f.l t 0 t. /(J.l 0.IJ .t~,J 7-Psydlolo&ic:al .1 I 3 .r? ,.?,9 ~, 0 0 ti ti.() Dp 0.0 / 0 I ✓ .3 '9.P ..r.3 I 0 J /. 7 1).(7 I '7 .._ /0 0 /o 1/U ti,,, :,""L ':I 0 9 ;U.1 P.(J )I.I ? 0 7 .JL.R A,, .lt.i /..2 0 /,:J l.28.? p-,, """· 7 - 0 0 b .l'J A If)_() A.IJ 0 / I /J.P '-' ,,J I 0 I I II.II .r.3 f.3 0 I I ,{)_() I.-, I? Tolal 3/ /t:J ~,j' IL,,. ;4,,_o 11,,,. ;?3 9 J,. 719 )fl /lf)_O. J.5 4 /9 111/J :?I.I '""- 4-() Ii 58 t9.o 3/.o !JhA 222 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 232 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Ef/,fL //fil'lMi t2F dLL e;-i,- ,,,, 4r'Z"'' l?F -;r ,,-1.A~ .J"~eu./~, ,,,. 1--- L- ,,., .St&CANl>J / Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Enl111tion Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain II-Balloon ,,, 0 rJ ~(, 11 /11 Q t:) 0 t?t /J, 4, I I-Astronomical 13 /o 2.J 4-1.1 310 ,~1 -- n ., ,,,,,, t?d? S-M '1 2•Aimaft .,,_ C> ~ rt.ti. /1.() 1,JI. I I 2_ IIA,t) ·/41,j l?M I 3-Li&f,1Ph010m. D D ~ ll.P ;Jt) ap 6? 0 t? ;J_t) ll/l tlt) ,!) 4·Birds If) 0 /) ~/l /J.O /J.t ,,. 0 t? M t{/) /J,1 " ~Clouds,Ous~ etc. If) 0 (l (l.l {J.t) t}_t) ~ 0 u ao 1tJ t;,i A 6-lnsuffic.tnra. 117 D (l ,:J.P Cf) JJ,t) I 0 /l/,1,t> ll.t? /(),, " 7-Psycholo1ical ~ ,:, t? tJ.O M n.d () 0 t? Ill. /}.t) t)~ I S.Unkno.. ~ 0 1 7.4 M 'J'L, :t 0 .2.. l?l,)J jj '71)/ 3 9-0lher 0 0 t7 40 /J.t? I//) ,. () t:J M /J,{1 tJ.O I Total J? /0 .:t7 l/.3.ti 31.tJ /!)rJ, (j I ID !ft.ti /1.t} 1/v't: J,1 LI.,.,___ ,~ • _,; ~,.urr-• L - ,_ M,,✓ ,,--- I Number Per Cent Number PerC01I Evaluation Certain Doobtful Total Certain Ooubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain 0-Balloon .1 ., '> '1.; t.1 115:Z t 0 ., 11(.3 17, () 1✓ ..1 ? I-Astronomical ,J .:J 4 £..I t. I /.t.t lo 0 "' 1:1.u ,.,,,, In.~ 7 2-Aircraft 4 .:J 11 l.n 3 £.,/ YN 3 ' 9 7/ 14,a 2,/,/J 1 Hi&f,IPh010m. d 0 /7 ,., ,., /J,/J 'l" I 0 I 2.4 ,,,,., -?§ " 4-Birds (JI D Cl n/1 IJ,/J lo.o (? 0 ,, tJ,() /J,tJ tJ,() ,,, 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 0 () Cl 17,() ,., /) /1.CI ,, I I /J,tJ 2.4' 2,/./ A 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 4 0 g l?_J A- 1,~.1 .1 0 .? '7./ ,2,'J ,f./ ..., 7-Psychological t) 0 Cl tJ.Cl aa O.tJ I () I .2,d ".,,, f1..U I 8-UnknoMI ~ 0 _,;- I /J:.J t1.0 /5.:2, I.I () II l-1/,i /?,() U.2 ,i- 9-0lher 4- 0 d ,~./ tJ,(J it.I () () () O,b 17..t) 0.(7 .r Total c:?1 I. JJ 31.3 Ill.~ IIJ(J. 3:f ? 14.:t i~.3 1(..7 1 ltJ(l. .l3 fdl{t.E ,9/(t) rt?.e- '1nA ~ -r /()f', /1,:' <:'/~ M-r,A, ,,- .s s-~,,,.,, A~ Le.•• L-IA -:-~,.- _,,_ . Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Ooubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ Certain 0.Balloon ,tl t} tJ t'J./J /J. /) /10 (? 0 t:J .t),() /J,t) (),O tJ I-Astronomical 31 _.-2 fl_! 'H3 s-s.tl ~9,2, I 14 /,<' d J Ut .v 1 2-Aireraft ,;2 " ,Z ,t.2 /7, t) ?.Z I 0 I 4.G" LJ.() I,(< " 3-Li&f,1Ph010m. " () Cl ,., ,., ,?.0 14o' 0 D Cl /1.0 ,a,~ 0." ,!J 4-Birds t) 0 0 I)/) /1,0 ,,.,,,, ,., 0 /J /?,/J o. Cl t). 0 ~ ~ds,Oust.etc. " 0 Cl ,,,,, ,., ,., ,, ,, 0 t} () /1.(J '1,t) Cl," t) 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. ;2. 0 ~ -?,1 0." '1,Z I D I d&: /1,t) ;(5 p I-Psychological 0 0 ,:7 tJ,O L)IJ atJ t) 0 Cl I ,7_.o /J,/; l.o.o /? II-Unknown 4 () ,/ 1-.~ /} /,) l ✓ .1 .r " 5" ;21,7 /1, /} ,;~,; ,:J, 9-0ther I I ~ I.I I./ 1..Z 0 0 tJ 14,: ,?,,? o.;:, () Total 14'0 S3 9.3 144.o 5'70 la>. 8 14 ,l). I.U,G /.,3,/. I//J,i I/ £. I <~,. ·'I>-< •$ N,,fu-• ~ - :,,., M,A/,, ~~- Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total i;ertain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Total tertain 0.Baltoon I C) I -¥ I tJ. tJ '1'1 I ,., I 4,/ t7.d Q.I I I-Astronomical CJ I I 'l" 7:1 ?./ I -~ # 9. I :J?JI/ ?t.t. I 2-Aircrlft t'J t. ~ /I /1 4:i..'I ¢1'.4 ., () z /f,:J ~,, l1w>:1 / 3-LithtPhenom. () 0 t) /1,, ,,,.,, ,,.,,,, ~ " :z, 1~1, At/) 1/~:t () 4-Birds ,, 0 . 0 I?() .,,,,., ,,,,, () 0 /? A/. /?(? .,,,, p 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. L? 0 0 t:ltJ ,,,,, tl.t) p " ~ la ✓? /J,tl l4t? " 6-lnsuffic. •to. I 0 I ~/ ,,_,., 1' I t) 0 ,., l,?,A /J,/7 l.l)A II 7-Psycholo&ical /) " tJ /1/J /J. L) latJ p 0 d .,, ,., /1. /J 1120 0 &-Unkno.. 4 "' I.I :ll.l, ,,,.,, 1....... ,,J e, :Z, I~-? /J J"J ;,:t, 3 9-0lh" I " / '7,/ /1(:J ,;,; , () t:l In,,:; /1 /} ,,, () (7 Tot~ 1 1 14 J'#,0 .ro.o IM/1 J .3 II 1:n -<1.3 /t1t). I, 223 "E/l -- ~ -· ,, "=,:, 0.4'J~Ars I /- . .J/o -- ~I-Le;, s,,--0..,...,,. ·-· Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0 I .Ar, /) /} Ids _:, ...t d I lf:t IR.2. .J't.'7 ,? lt1 ,, ~ Id.~ 1¢,,t I 0 I -ii, ~,., ~, 4- ,,!4.g- J'lo 1.12<1 / ;l. s Q,/ /f.~ 2'7~ 0 ,., AA AA AA (,1 ,.., ,., ,,_,., 17.Ll LJ.() 0 tJ /1/1 tJ,/1 ,:l.t} " ID /} /} tJ tJ.tJ t).C) If) tJ ~A /J."' ✓ 1{) " 0 () t?.0 a CJ tJ.(7 0 Cl /J.() tl.tJ ,!J.tJ " 0 /} lf/,JJ '"' 17.C) e, I IL(, ". /1 4'1' ti 0 tJ /1,/1 l2Ll 12() 0 J' ''~f c?." I 4 J' I 0 I 0 , /7/1 ?./ f) / u. fl' ~" , ✓.., I I ~- • "/ 9/ IR'.t, 1 ~I ILi,? JH IM. L s I/ S-4!' 4r,.r 1¢. Ovr~ ,_ M1N11'P"'""-• -,.,11-.,,~r,•H' M r .,.._ T f' ll Nunter PerC01I Number PerCtllt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Tota I ,,I 1d ,;, I 11.t,,; I .J- t, I. 3 l..t. 1.9 ? H7 121.4 od .?/.J' J,! II 2.ti '1$.1 N.r 3fi'.2 .2 ¢' /.;J. / z 14/J 7 I ·11 C/.7 J.3 1/J,!fi :] 2, /J. /} L :2, 1.,:2 " 0 /1 ,,,,., .a.o t:J.Cl () 0 /1 /J /} /J lltJ t) 0 tJ (),0 /J.O l?C) (I (7 /J./1 /J." ,,,,., t) 0 tJ '!" tJ. (7 17.0 0 ,,., 4/./ tJ/1 n, /o 0 ,,,, Ji, r-?/J /.1'.:2. 0 I ?I /1, /) :! I ,!J 0 c:, /J,Cl Ll. /) 12 /7 0 5 1$'.6. ,.,~ l/.c;t: -<I 0 :2,/ 21.L /JO '1'1t. I t, /.5:6 2,/ /~? .,2 " ~ :u /1/,) .2.£ 9 $). 11.4 U.1 I,,,,, .r'1 /1 '7(, 11 t, J2.4 ltJtJ. ,,.,,~=•' A- - , - ,,, ,-,,~tf:A/ ,,,,.Jct!rs II- :, 0 ,_, __ ,.A, ~/- ,,_ .s..-(!· ,. Nuntler PerCtllt Number PerCmt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0 /') a" ,,, /) ,,, Cl ti () 0 P,/J Ll. /7 a t7 ). (}' So.o /t1..a ~.,:. / 0 / IZ.7 ,,,_,, l/6.7 I / ,,,_,,,, '1, I "',/ t7 0 ,, ~/} /././? /J,/l <> ,, t'-A /1./J /{t} ,P () /1 A /1 /), tJ ao 0 0 /7,() /J./7 !,<i,-, ,, " 0 ,,., ,, ,<!/J A,,, () ,., /4" ,,_,,, A- 0 0 () ".P /J.O Ll.tJ () /J ,,.,.,:::, atJ ,,,.,., I 0 I //7 /l.d /1.:.; e, Cl ,,,,., /1 /J .,,A ,.. l!1 tJ ,.,,., b.0 /J.tJ 0 ¢ ~- tJ.t) l?V ,tJ, 0 ;/ f27..'1 IJ.CI II.I. 1 0 Cl A, /-?" ao " 0 " ",, /),, ,.,,, -~ 14 rn., 4-4 ltJtJ. ---;;. " 6 ,,pp., tJ, (7 I lt1t? /Jv~~ ,_ --d,. ,-,._, " ,., - .S-1,22r,..l> Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cont Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota 0 I 1/1,; A- 111.:,' ,? ,,., () /) /I /). tJ IJ.Cl C) / " ,, ,,,, ,, ·" 7 ., 7 :Llf "°.I 41.tJ 1-t,;-~ t:) I /l -, ti.,, I IL.,, I 2 .? /,9 .u· 6..f " ,,, ,1,6 /2 /1· -~' () 0 /J A_/7 /} /,) l.atJ 0 /1 /1 /J ,, /) ,,,,., () 0 " tJ. t? l'J./J 1/7.Ll 0 (7 '? /} ,, ,., -~ () 0 /, ,,_,., I 17,/? /2/J () ,,, /1. ,1 /J.Cl "?" L 0 L 1,.f" /1/1 1/P.6' 0 d ,.,/} /1 A A.Cl () () .,, /l/J ,/1,? l/1,.o ,,, -:, .JI A t7.,1 l~o d. (;1 4' -1.t> /1/J 'f.t:l 0 ,, AA 4 Cl 12 Cl I 0 I J,Jl tU) 11 0 6 lip&,, tJ.() w. a,g 'J.9 f7 IJ/9, I J°d'i I/,,,,,


=== Page 233 ===

Plll'L£ Al.ff ,&'OR ,,,.,,.,-,p,v -,,=- s.,r-.H-r/,1/G ,.,~ /~,!: AO ,:;~,::,,W//[/~ ,,,,,;,rt= "7A'.JE~T.S ,S 5,.,._.,,~ A- fen 6·/0 , "'--- -· .,.. ... //- ,_ -,-....,-,,,D~ J/-Lo ,,,.,.,o-V'D.C rt,- Pa Cent Numbet Pe.Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluatilln c.rtain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tola! ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain D"'btlul Tola! Cerlain Doubtful Total 0-Ballooo J 3 4 l.o JI ✓; 0 I I /1.0 ;;,.I, .t.t. I ~ 1 2.1 4.2 .r...J' ,'I I I 17.0 ;J£ :2-% !l·AsllOIIOlllical J/ .J.3 M· V(. n1 ~!>.l i q /7 I.JI/ .2.3.1 f'.(,1 ,f .:7 /0 //,. 7 4.2 2().9 .1 :J 4 .S.6 .r: t. I/. :t 2-Aircraft 4- 1 II ,., 1.1 I/. t. 4- .I q 1111.f ti.~ tf.1 '7 ,, 14 l4J. 14./. :zu. _,- 4- q ,~.9 Ill 26.'tJ 3-Lilht Phenom. tJ :2 :l 8.11 ~D j'.tJ I 0 I 2.6 o.o £./, p I I '·" -, I 2.1 d 0 0 lf/.o (). 0 /J.P 4-Birds I I :J l.o I. o :UJ /1 0 f) Po .o.o ,,_n p 0 " 11,0 ().0 ,9.() l I 4 ! .. ? .2.f I/. I S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ " 0 " t'J.,O 17. () t?.L? Cl 0 0 tJ.o P.o t:1.tJ tJ tJ 0 ()_() 11.0 ,:?.tJ ~ 0 n /),(J .0,() ,:?.,::, 6-lnsuffic. • .,. ~ ,, -~ .I, I ,fJ 0 ~/ J 0 ? -,q A.n '/:9 5 0 .$' /t,.4 tJ.o IP.~ 6 0 L. 1/t.7 t). 0 ltf 7-Psydlolo~cal " 0 0 tJ.o P.o o.O I.) 0 tJ 11.D 0.-0 ~o " 0 0 0.0 "·" 17.,::, ,., t::J () tJ.o 0.D t:?.tJ 8-llnltnown x' 0 i £:i. o.o 1.£. '7 0 ., I f.4- 0.a IV/ J) 0 I.J :71 I AO 27.t /,;z. 0 J:l 33.3 l?O ?2_..T 9-Dlller .! I 4 .1 f /.0 ,// 0 0 0 11.o O.o t::IP ,;l.. 0 .:l. 4.l 00 4:l 0 0 ,::, Oo o.o tl.O Tola! SI 41 91 S2.D 14tt>llnn .J.4 If .U ,,,,J, J'l.J' /p,1, Jt, I~ 4-f 1.r:f? ,U:o //)II ~, g ,!{, 1'11.I 2,2. .1 /.::V. L. I Sc,.-,,.,.-.,,. - S N~_,., b-3o ,V.,,,.,.-.,r&r /.l,e-,,. ~, #/#u-u ~,,,..,.,,..,,,,,. Vnr J'-rnr"'h I Number Per Cent Number PeiCett Nunl>er Pe, Cent Number PerCalt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Ceflain D"'btful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtlut Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain DINlbtful Total ll-Balloon It. /<? .JJ' 1.r.4 ;f_.; 'lI.7 l.t If -?.1 JL.4 J.5.1.. ,,;,,,,, In ..1 I~ 1._4 (,,J 21..5 l.r (. 1 I II.I 41 /,(.< l•Astnmomical J ..3 & 2.9 2 'l 5.l JI ,1. 1.r lo.o .u. /f.t /;l. .I /7 Jd,f 111.2 .14;7 ;f q 11 14.1 1./ 2/.f 2-Aircraft II 9 2.o /(J (. ?. 7 119..1 4 14 /9 J.t:. 12.1 11...1 ,). .3 .r 4.1 t.. I It?.£ /2 .>- /' t?.I .J.9 !.?...7 3-Li&ht Phenom. p 0 () tJ.o O.o /J.P ~ .1- 7 /.f 4.1- /..J ./) ,? t) 1/.(J 0.0 t7.tJ () 0 0 ti.• 11.0 tJ.O 4-Birds ~ 0 () () (J o.P L?6 t, 0 () ,f}/) t'J(J tJ.() t} 0 0 A.o tJ.o t}.t:J t) 0 t) 1/.Q o.o t?t? 5-CIOuds.Oust.etc. 0 3 q An :7 'I :J 9 ,!7 0 t) A.o '·" A.O A 0 ,, tJ.o 0.0 ,,,, I 0 I n 0-0 ,:)./j 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ..r 0 J- "' 11. t} l'/.i 9 0 'I i"l ().tJ £1, ,., 0 " "·" 0.0 /,1,:7 : ..u 0 .lJ Ii.I tl. {? Ii.I 7-Psyclllloaical I I 2 l.o IA :J.p ,- 0 J- ti,- t}.O {(5 p 0 D tl,o "·" t?.L? :J I 3 /.t M £.9' 8-Unkno'MI Jtl, 0 ,,2 'I 21.4 tJ.t? '279 ~I 0 .2.J 1111, I 11.o If. I /;l. 0 l;l. lf4,J tJ.o 2¥,, ,4 0 :l.9 2d tJ.tJ rtZ.fi 9-0tfler 4- 0 d Ji tJ.o .r. g ;,.. 0 .2. u tl.o 1.x ,:l 0 .:z. 4.t tJ.o Q,/ t. 0 t 4.'7 t).O 4'.7 ' Total t9 3$ 104 ti.3 .U.1 /tJ(J, 1,< 3% I/lo t.a .J(.J /(}ti. Ji JI 41 17.f.. i:J2.4 lt>a /tlC, 21 11.21 tu //,f I/IP. t=t//1t...L/6Tlt2Ai (2.C UAIIT S/Glz'.Vh'.65 FCJ,e ,:-,,,,, .<?. •• -,,c - .. , , .. , Mt:-r.4/U,' UlJ,C-'-rS .,;' <'.L"A~" -- / ,,,.,.,,,. ,( -/() S. c• ·"J , //-~,, .f°(rtAM.b,J' .,,_,!,, s--,.,.,,., Number Per Cent Number PerCe11t Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain llotd>tlul Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain DINlbtful Total 0-Balloon o2 I J q, 4.r I.it ?) ,.1 2 AO ,,, ,· /t:15 I 4- J- l'l 1.4 f..1 ,,1 ..:l 4 4'1 t/-.9 1/.f I-Astronomical I I 2 A.J 4. ~- 9/J tJ :J :J P. IJ ,,. , ,,i.5 ~ 0 1 1? /7.0 J-7 t) I I ,P.tl 2.4 P4 2-Aircraft ..L ,t f' q, l.:11.J 5'1.-~ 1- I q .th.1 r.3 f(/~ /9 ;( .u· Jr.2 ,29.1, t4/Ji /J 7 .1 :z ~-' 111.1 6I.7 3-Li&filPh"""'. I 0 I f...r (1.0 q5 0 I I ,,,. .r: t £? /) r, ii /J,, P.11 dt) (1 I I o,o .2.4 :J.<I 4-Birds I 0 I 4.J 11.0 ✓ .5 0 0 (J /J,D tJ." -1-" () 0 0 ,,,,, tJ" t?.tJ I 0 I :U• tJ.t.J .JU, S-Cloud~ Dust, et~ tJ 0 0 11.11 ,.o '7.,:7 n <) 0 /J.I IJ.o /2.tJ () 0 () ti.II tl.(J /J n 0 0 t;J A (J ,.o 4,:J 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I 0 I d.1' 0.&I ¢:5 I 0 , .r,J ()., 5.5' I CJ I 1.9 ~-0 /.P ,,2. 0 A. d t; tJO ~9 7-Psycholorical I 0 I tJ.j' /1.0 <(5 ,, 0 (J tJo no tJ.t? ,j I J ?.7 /.'I .5.£. ,t) 0 p tl. () O.o 17,o &-Unknown 3 0 3 /J.I, () t) I.U, 4- ,0 4 :u.1 I>() Lv.l I' t;J k 141 /}.<J /</JI 9 e, '1 1, (J /). () i ,;-,_(? 9-0ther ,,;. (1 ~ q_ I IJ 0 9./ I? 0 0 b.o 0.0 1/.P 0 0 (} (J,Q 00 ,,,,, I ,:, I 2.4 P. 0 _t'.¢. Total 14 ,f ..2-Z ILH .Jt4 ,,.. /3 (p ;,; tf4 j/.i., tOA 33 .:</ 5,,. /,/; jf.9 ft}(). 3o II 41 13.2 ;1a I/Pd. /,.,/ .<'oC'co#.OJ'- S' ,41.,,r~r,r., L- Io U • ./_,r" Ov.-,,e ~ , ,U ,,,.vr/: 7t.,~.,.. .... ·- ./ ✓.,.. _r,:..., ,IF,. Number PerCmt Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total certain D1>1btful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-BallOOII Ii ? .Ji .,;;') f.4 l?tl.l :u /0 '1 I ::1.1:1 l:?.D .17.1 .f .~ JI :JL? Joo 7/_ 7 /? s I(, 14.4 13 11'1 1-Astronomical J 0 I h o.o ;.t. ii I I I.O /.2. /..Z. .J / 4 /0.0 -?.~ /<.< I s 4 I.I .U 4(/ 2-Aircraft l..l /D ,H /.[. 7 /? 0 ??:? t:; 1€) ,q IIJ.i /,2.Q 22.'1 ..1. 0 2 t. 7 tl.O t.7 ,;lo 4 1.4 ~?.2. 4.4 21,.I. 3-Li&ht Phenom. I I .) /. 2 /.2 $1.4 t'J I I &.o I. 2 /.:l 0 0 0 ,.o ,.o (J.t} I 0 f /./ ,It) /./ '4Birds I 0 I /2 p 0 /,2, /) 0 () t).(I o.o atJ I? " 0 /Jo o.tJ P.t? t:J I I t).O II I.I ~Clouds, Dus~ etc. CJ " 0 0.0 "·" t?.tJ CJ 0 0 (l.() o.o (?.,:J J 0 I ~ ~ o.o 7~ 0 0 () '·" tJ,q t:J.p S.lnsuffic. tifo. " 0 c:: 1.1 D.o 7(:2, 9 tJ 'i lh.J D.O ltl.$ /) 0 " ,!J.o P.o '°!" ....,.. () .26 ~.1 tJ.o 122.t. 7-Psydlololical I 0 I /.2 o.o /.t,. I 0 I M "-" ;.:2, -2 0 ., f.? OIi L._;f J 0 I I.I (},tJ ;.I 1-UN<nown J~ () ,lo ,2¢.1 IJ.t! ~41 /.J" 0 1,- Iii (/.() /d I ,q 0 'l Jo.o t).O ..7120 /t 0 1/, IU tl.o /;f ff 9,0ther I ~ 4 /.;J. .J.t. ~K 4- .2 & 4.1 .1.tl 7. 2, ~ I I ,t)t) 3.3 S.l 7 0 7 7.f 0.11 'f <J Total &.2 ,2/ ~J d4.1 :U:J /(JP, .rt? .:uJ J.1 1'1/,/ )/.'i 1a>. .2.t' .5 .fo h.-? IL.7 /t),1, 111 II t?o i1.f /).,2 IA~ 224 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 234 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation ~Bolloon r l•Astronomical 2-Aircrlft 3-LighlPhenom. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.tnfg. 7-Psycholo1ical a.unknown ~Qt!,e, Total Evaluation II-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&fllPha,om. 4-Birds I-Cloud~ [)us~ etc 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI 9-0lher I Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircratt 3·li&fllPhMOm. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological a.unknown 9-0111"' Total Evaluation 0-Salloon l•Astronomica\ 2-Aircraft 3-Light Phenom. 4-Birds 5--Clouds, Oust. etc. S-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholo~cat &-Unl<nown 9-0ther Total ,:-,,,,,, - A A= C'.'"✓/" Ll'r_ ✓ A ,,,,. /J"'.IFt!r ,,A A,& A,/Jr .~r~-re-/1 .5 .St5't!o~ .l>s ~~ ./,r- - ~- ✓- s..-,OA,/~ <' , J/-_,?,o s'°<"',-,., ✓ lH V-60 -- -~. Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain OoUbtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ e:? I I /1,() .J,4 :)It / I ,:,2- 1.1 1.1 /Ai;j_ I) I I P.o 2.9 _Lj 3 -< J /~.Cl 2.1 ?Jtl! II C 17 H~ -'A, 1 51(.t. r I 6 ].f.? .,, VM.:,' a. I S' //,'i 2:11 I~ ~ I 3 R, 4-. () Ht) ,t I ·" IH .J.4 11'1 2 I ,q 1¢.J 1/ Lz,/,,4' ✓ 4- , 114.1 II.I %,5 3 ~ ..7 1_;,17 f.o ?12/J 0 Q {) ()() IJ.O /!I'. (/ ,0 I) oo ().17 tJ.t L) ,0 t} ().() o.o JI) ,n 0 {/ /) () /1.o /J /, 0 0 t) 0.0 () d ~/J ,1 CJ I) 11.d 0.17 tJ.tJ ,'J 0 I/ 11 () 0.0 t?~ t) 0 tfl "·' () () ~/) I) 0 t? 11,o d.o t?,t) ,,. (J 0 ti.fl I), 0 IJ.t) t) I / ,.o :t.'f 19 /'J 0 t) 1/.d /J. O /J.J .r () s-- 111..J 1.0 /7,;L I 0 I 11 0.0 7,/ -:, t!7 7 1~ ... , 11.0 l-11.1~ ,;z_ 0 3 f.D (),() 1,t) I) () I) /A ll tJ t'.t? /7 0 0 ()() ().() t?_/) 0 0 0 o.o ().0 tP./J lb 0 tJ A.II Al D t1.o I 0 I 3.4 1.0 :ill- :1 C7 :L 114.3 ().0 /#,'3 4- 0 ,¥- Ill.I "1,0 11,f 9 ,t'!) f ~to /J /J lfl.JJ /J 0 t? O.o 1.0 t:Pt 0 n f) ().() .. 0 /J{) ..t. J. - 7 .rq ut.7 11 /J~ 0 I I /)_I) 4.o A//, :l! i ,1."/ ~-4 ,17;_ /Ill. II 3 14 7!.I. ,l/.9- 100. 1. 2 I). !4 U.1 .U3 /()() /(/ ' l.2r 1'.c 124. D /tl/1. 61 5..-h~A, • 5' ~#VP_.., 6•3LJ ;1/,..,.. r~, t!?vc"J> .!, 1 NI, ,r,.1 ")\ - .,.._ - .<,- .... ,-,...z, Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nunler Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total I :J -<' /7 /1'1 '1. J" -!l..',JJ ,I 12. .2/) ,,., r l.[.K LU.3 j,.. , 71/1 4 ;,2, V,f,'..6 /3 ? :ZI} t.l H 'l's /? I I /J/J l.r ;,; 4 ~ I, J'":3 j,t, 7? ,.-- I ,; llo.4 ,1, / IA-~ p; ;; .II-/ /( r, f.1 NS 9 ..., //2 //.4 ;o.4 ~3.f /:2. .r 17 /J'f /,_/,. I.Z2,1 I .J /f- :!. I ,.2 '/..=J 17 II '3S I. I 1, 1/,0 ,;)__ I .1 _1 () /.S .,,., t) ,.0 tJ A /1 /1,0 /1.tJ A /J () IJl "·"' /Jn .t ::J ,JI. lo l.o ..2.,/) .t) () 0 o.. 0.() tJ.tJ ,IJ I I II.fl /.J /,3 .:; 0 !? J. • "·" .lf,2 ~- I .'? lo /Jr /.S I) 0 /) On 0,, /,),() I 0 I I. i Al/ 1.3 ,, 0 t? i?.IJ o. () /J,I) /} .ti 0 0,4 II o t/,I) .r 0 ,,:;- 1.~ t1 0 '7S Iii- 0 /,,Z, I.rt "" l.s't' 4 /) 7' /f'.1 A,0 '11.7 I3 () S3 1.r.2. 11.17 l?.ro II " 0 1.0 l.o 11/) ,J. 0 ,z 2.h /1,, ..2.6 J () I 2 I (),0 ,:!,/ .1 J Jf- 1.4- o.r I, 9 t>< I 0 2../ .i/.3 II o ~/,3 /O 0 //) 1.-1.:l ,., ,, /3,'1. /J' d IF jJ.1 IJ IJ 3/'2 1.1 0 ?3 11'.1 /1,<7 IJS.-7 4- 0 // lo o. () ,f,P ? e:, '7 9:1 11.o 9'1 4- 0 .I/- f.r o. () ,1.;:J 17 () 17 ~I A,() ?,/ .f'J 14 ,, n.1 ::JA,f/ 11e1ei ..rl. ;I() . 71. 111 -tO '"ti. l..t~ t, 4-.f i?,1 /)..S' It:/?. I//., 41 "o 111,- /9.f Va?. ,..,,,ffe /1 J.d Ll-/~/11 Ar: ,",// LJ_,,A / t?,R,.4A,GF /14 ~L,,,. Ill/"- ,.-,,d AA,L.tf ,,,_,, ~/'TS .5 <'-- ....... ,n~ /-.-, ,{- ,~ - / /l-.:t~ -- ... ,.,_ L~ ,.._ ... Number Per Cent Number Per COIi Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doobtful Total L1 0 tJ IJ,o IJ.0 AO CJ " ,? ~e; JI.O /tJ t) () 0 An IJ {) lltP I 2 3 .rt. 1/1 /Pl 14 ,f .,,, 1:11,/ 111 1.4/S:9 ? 0 7 I~ AQ .1/47 ,1, Lt K 211 I '>I/ μ...z; .;J.. ~ ~ 11.t •I/I ?'2.7 ~ t t/ 4.(. IJ.3 1/7' J I .II- 1-,._, t.7 ?£.7 I I .2. ✓.' J..1 110.JI' .:l. :l Jf II/ 1/'i 22? IJ 0 {/ AA /J.() a;;, ,!) 0 tfJ A.I dl.O ,P.(J I} () i? An tJ.o ;?I) ~ 0 0 ,IJ/) ~IJ ~t 0 I 'I ,. ~ ./,:J ?.7 /J () /l ,, . /),() t).{} I 0 I J- \ IJ.() D I 0 I S:t.. ti." ,,.6 0 0 tJ An 0.0 ,:P./) 0 " ,() IJ.() ll.O JP 0 0 t) /J.o 11.0 I)/) 0 0 tJ Al /Jo tJ.t) 4- "" .If S."i AO f.9 tl ,:) tJ IJ.() JIJ 0 /Ju ti 0 /') IJ.O ,.o 4() I 0 I rt. I) 0 F.6 I 0 I 2., () 0 '2.2 0 (J t) 0,() ~.() rJ.t I () I J:3 0.0 .f'..i J 0 I .J~~ /J.O .r:t 0 0 5 1111 JIJ () II.I .! 0 .J' l~A.() "1.i? IJ J/I, 6 0 h -~U, ,, 0 ?U 1- 0 JI- :u.2 11.o ;J.:)...2- J I JI- t.7 2,;J. 1. 9 I 0 'I ,., ·no Pi /) I 'I JIJ 0 J".1 5.J n t:) t) ~o () () at 2. q 1, th' l/.4d JJ~, It'.?, 14 I 15' WJ.3 ,.1 liJA /1, t.,, /9 lt.S.4 1u, //lfl l.:Z ' /J' tf..? ~s.3 100. ~/ G., . ..,...,. -S~,v.,-- ,( -~n .M , .. -,,,_,. J?,/,-~ ?, AA ·-- /lv."A•- N "•"r <-A-t''fl Number Pe,C01I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~•rtain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ..i f (0 /P.2. 11.3 t. ,< ( /t.7 .r. (. 2.2.'l .! I) J1M tJ. {) 2./J,O .1 1/.J' J~d. If 7,,2 IJ ~ 1 t/.0 t. I £/ ,;I. I 3 .r. r. .<..f Vt f 4 7 ~AA 2t..7 lft'J 1 ' /11- NJ /I)? ·~.;-!) 4- % /2 f.2. !Id 7/1. { ..2 2 JI, ,1:, J: (. //,2. () J I /l.lJ 1..7 6J J r /3 14.3 i.'I 1.'?,Z ~ 0 2. 4.1 "0 Ill (, 0 h /(.? "·" 1/.£ 7 I 0 I /.? /J,() f.1 I 0 I I. I IJ. {) I.'? (J 0 ~ AA 00 /J.P /J ,:) /) IJ.O /J,{l t'./) 0 0 0 A• 1.0 tJ.() LJ 0 t} ,,. O.o ,1,C ti 0 t/ A" 0.0 t).t IP " p 8.0 17.o tW ,, 0 '1 /1.IJ ()." tJ./J (J () /,) l.l'J ,, () /.t> .r " ,110.1 ti.() ltJ.2 I () I ;?.f A,() .2.f 0 0 ;? ti.fl ,, " tJ.u 'J 0 7 1:1..r 0.0 12, I ..2 1 ~.6 4.1 6. I ~ 0 t? tl.o ti.() /J.C I) . I I IJ.O ,.7 £'7 I -0 I I.I tJ 0 I! /.? Q /3 l.:it.; '·" li.5 I ,;i. 0 /.7 -?3.3 tJ.11 :JlJ.3 I C I t..1 ,.o 6, 7 II " II IQ(. /J 0 /U .J 0 3 u "" £. I I) ., 2 ti.() .,-:(. n I C) I t.1 "·" h,7 I 4 5' l.i' 11 gr; .JI 1K 14'1 t.J.3 I.U.1 tt?P :J.9 1 .11,. .fP.t. Jt/.4 /P(J. 9 ' /.[' &IJ.I ,fl). 0 /Ill. ,f-i, It. ft 11.4 .,a.U. /Pl, 225


=== Page 235 ===

I I £Mt.&Vt2IV t2F Ul((lr '\16/truVG.S c,,,,, 1Ud A - uOA, /JF' S,r.Hr/A, RE/1 ,,,, ,,;, ""'I /. Pc:~ /1dJ§i!,'f'.S .s ~ ...~_,.,.-.,,_, MP L1,, ,( _ /0 _.,--,.., ._,.,,:z,s. //--'- <, e,,,,,n:, r ~'- Lo .SF,.,,,KD< I rt,- Per Cent Number PerCeat Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Totll ~ertain Doubtful Totll Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dooblful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon ~ II I) ,,,, /).O atJ II 0 /J I.I) Po P.O / 0 / _r/.. b. o 5:t, .:I. .2 ,/ /,f_2 IY7 3t.f I-Astronomical /0 'i ;9 dr,- 4,,a iL.~ ✓ 0 !, fAo 0() 5"tJ.tJ t. J 9 3.H IL.1 ,..,.,,,., I 0 / q_ I ,. (} 9./ I 2-Aircraft :i.. 0 1, tf.l ,(/.o 'I.I I I 2, I/po //).(I ,,,, ,, I .J ,/ .rL // 1 :22.3 I 2. s 'ii li'.1 21.1 3-Li&hl Ptlenom. p 0 /J ,,. IO /J.(} I) 0 ,, /)A /J (7 ,,,, 0 0 /J /J/J tJ.O ,,,,, d 0 p tl,o ().IJ .-:J/l 4-Birds 0 0 tJ /JA I)() tlt? tJ 0 /J /J.IJ tJ.o ().,, b I) /,1 1)/J /J. /) ,,,., , 0 () p__,,, I) 0 /J.P 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 0 0 /J ti. 0 tJ. 0 (1.() II 0 () /J 0 0. (I /J.P /J 0 /) /Jo tl.o ll.P /) ;? 0 IJ. I) tlO /J/J I 6-lnsuffic. enro. p 0 t7 0.P IJ() ().() / 0 I !J().tJ ,, ,,, /(}_() /) 0 tJ /) 0 /J.O '?,,, ,!) 0 (J /).0 ,, 0 ,,,,,, 7-Psym,lopcal t) 0 tJ fl.ti IJ,IJ ()_(} 0 0 () A.o IJ.O ,,,,., / 0 I J:t, IJ IJ 51, ,P {:) 0 l'J.O ().O /Ja 8--wn I 0 I -I.I, /)0 f<t ..2 IJ 2., ',;/1_, I.O -,/),,, ..2 I) 2, Ill I. 0 //. I I 0 / q.; (J,,f) ti/ !1-()llle, /J 0 p JJ.O 0.0 (lfl 0 0 p O.o "· 0 0. tJ I 0 I f.(,, 00 £i, I I ?. 'i.f fi.l IR.i, I I Tola! /3 q 2? s?.1 14,.I/ /PP. 9 I /0 ,'pp 11().0 /t}(). / ;{ (. l,F L/.7 ll.3 IA?. ' J' // S-4.5 4-.s'.S /t}IJ. I 6 / <b-,1,0> - ... M,w'~Th L-3o "' --- t? ,,_ ?o ,,.,_,,,,,___ 7) - ... - ~ ..... r,&'JJ Numbe, Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuntler Per Cent Numbef PerC81t Evaluation Certain Do•btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Toi~ Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cert.in Doubtfu Totll Certain Doobtful Total I 0-Balloon .r :2 5 II/ 14 1%.5 4 0 ✓ Ill ,(}_ () II I J I d ld_:t. 4.f I?.! ,t7 ..r .;;- () 0 t.t ~" 1-Astnmomical / ~ JI .:/."1 74 II/ (, 0 I.. IL.7 /)p /1,,.7 6 ::l. f .Zf./.. 9../' J/{./ 1.r -5' :Ztl .2f.'I i".I. .lf'_,; 2-Aircraft 7 :l. 9 :h:'I ,.4 H.1 1 ' I/ 13 /£.7 25.CJ I ,,:l :e tli <jJ I'll 7 I f< 11 I /.7 /r;z 3-Li&htl'll..,m. tJ 0 0 R_,., ,,,, ,, tl.O I 0 I .?.f IJ.tJ 2.S " :7 2/ /l. 0 tf.[ 9.5 /J 0 p /l. p 11. d 1'7.0 I 4-Birds /) 0 0 i?.t7 A.n -1~ t) 0 n P.o (/.(/ 19.n /J (1 ,? /J,IJ P.o '?" A ,::, r"J /J.o tl.O tJ.O 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ /J 0 0 -9,0 A.o 17.P () I I IJ.O 2.i :U ,,, 0 tJ 11.0 0" ,J_t) t) ~ /J "·" /J I) /JtJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 4 0 q' /dJ 17.I) tflf j 0 .3 i.3 17. IJ ru ti () (} 1,0 l).o /JP IO 0 ttl 11.2 IJ. 0 17.Z 7-Psychological tJ 0 /J "·" 17.o tJ.O / D I 2.f ().(J 2.f I t:l / 4-.f l).O « g- t? 0 ,? ~.o "· I) op I 8-UnknoMI 4- d d l/4.r Q.O ,Lfp I/ 0 II 10.1. o.o """ I t7 I ,a (). I) ¢3 l_:l tJ 1.! 22.4 "·" 221·1 9-0ther :2.. 0 2. 74 d.o 'I.I/ tJ 0 /J tJ.o o.o 17.P ,I I ? 4f 4-.F q, I.. .2. 0 1., 14 ().o J.f/' _, I Total ..t I ' .27 111.f J.J.1 I/JI) J.9 7 ](, StJ.I, j(i_(. I/pp /-? g- ,2/ ,a JI.I /00. Ill? II 5'1' ~I." Jf.o !(JP. I £t/,?LI/AlZelll t2F //AL(r V/fiftr(A(<-,£ FO.e tJ.·,dA~'tJN OF .<"/-" "-111/t: GREE/!/ ae ,::., ~w//1/r- LA&°.&:A/ ,tl//'JG"t!T.S _,, (",,-. Nh ~• / .Cr,- 1h -/e, <, ,,,,,,.,,= / //- f0 -1 ,{'~,_,-h, ~I-to Si!'h/r'.I>< I Number Percent Number PerCmt Nunf>er Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Totll Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon {) tJ () tJ.o /),,, /),, () ,, (1 IJA -9.o ,, ,,, tJ .0 0 '-ti 11.0 /J/.1 /) 0 0 lt1,1 o.a a CJ I-Astronomical ..J7 _;_,- ~2, ,~ J df.l... it.I I JO 1/ L.7 tl.? :tJ.11 1 '2 1 L3.t. lf.2 iJ.{l I 0 I 50_,, n.o =itJ. I) I 2-Aircraft ,;1. n :Z 11 I'/" !l.1 I 0 I /7 IJ. () ;f._7 " I I /Jb q; 91 0 (J r:J ,.,,, ,.,,.., D/l 3-Ught Phmom. /J /} ,,, ,0A (}_() ,?/J 0 () t:J IJ.o ,, ,, ,,,,,, p 0 p /),';) O.o t7.P 0 () ,,, 0.0 '°1" '1"- 4-Birds () 0 /J "·" l'l.o /JP () (I tJ AA _,, A tl.O 0 0 (1 IJ.I) /J 0 -'?" t) n /J o.,.-, rJ.,? ,,,, 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. /) ,,, 0 Ao I'/ (J ().() II eJ /.J /)_(I ().P t).() /) 0 (} IJ.O tJ. IJ /10 /) 0 61 00 0.0 0. I} I 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 2 /) 2.. ,;_J AO ~-B p 0 0 ho /J /7 /7/J tJ 0 tJ o.o 0.0 o.tJ IP 0 0 o,,1 ao /,).t:J 7-Psythological 0 n ,,, o.o o.o ll./J /) 0 tJ /J.O ,._,, l,;>t) (!1 0 0 00 0.0 0.0 " 0 0 o.tJ ,:J.,? t:J.() II-Unknown 4- 0 d .[~ 0.0 !i. {, J () ..1 ~,1.0 /) () 17&.0 I 0 I ti I IJ,0 V I CJ I "'"-t? o.o 5i7.o 9-0ther / / 2, 1.4 /~ £.f p () t:J ,,, .. ,. I) t?_(J 0 0 /J ()_ 0 ti. I) l)(J /) el 0 &tJ /],,, £)/J I Total u Jt '/,i. .J'IJ.0 .ro.o /l)O, .s- ,,, /[ H3 /,(.1 1,0. f 3 II 11.1 ,;n JP,7. (J /J ~ ,, ,,, ,,,_ /J voa I I. I l'.",,~.N.b - _.., H,.A/,r,u -t- ~,, ,A ,,,,.,,,.,. ,1,,_, .... -,.. ·- ,,_r sr,, .....,, Number Per Cent Number PerCerit Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total J;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0-Balloon I /) I f. i tl.tJ 1.1 I 0 I 9.1 1/.0 f'./ I t) I IL.? /) 0 //.. 7 tl 0 () /) 0 6.11 ().cJ I-Astronomical p I I 40 fl k'1 I d q (1,/ .2.7.~ 3/4' I t) I IL.7 tJ 0 It: 1 14- 1'1 .1J 111.4 4/.3 11. 7 2-Aircraft 0 ' I. tl.O .r,.o 5/J.() .2. tl '1 llt.2 /7.0 1tt I 0 I /(.1 tl.o 11...1 I ,2 ..? ,2,J. 4. 3 t..5 3-Light Phenom. ti (J I) "-" P.o 00 ..2 ,tJ 2,, It? IJ 0 If. t t:J 0 t) 6.'1 ,I) 0 ,,,,,, t) 0 0 -"A AO &.o I 4-Sirds (J 0 /J 11.o o. 0 ,, ,., " (J /) P.6 0. (J o.o 0 0 /J o.o o.o de? tJ 0 t:J "·" ,,,,, tJ.O S-Clouds, Oust, etc. t) (:J /) _,,,_ 0 0 ,10 IJ 0 /J tl.o o.o 0.t? LJ 0 () .. 0 (J 0 ,,,,., I) 0 cJ P.O d.o t?.JJ £.lnsuffit.lnfo. I 0 I is I) 0 111 " 0 0 A.o ()." "'·,,, " ,,, ,, O.o I) 0 /2() ' 0 t, ho /11) 1,:,,.0 7-Psychological /) d 0 "·" (1_11 tJ.o I) I) tJ tJ.O () 0 lt?.a tJ " ,? tJ 0 t7 " tl.o tJ (l t) /J 0 "0 ,,,,., I 8-Unlulown .t p 2, l1L.7 0 0 "·· 7 ~ I) 2, /i.2 0. 0 Jf 1 J 0 d ,J/).0 o.o 6'0.0 ( " .J' t.J' 17.0 t,.5 9-0ffter I p I ,0 IJ A '?..1 III t:J t) 11.o 0.0 A.t) CJ ,, 0 "-" o.o /}.{) , 0 I ::7.2 0.0 :2.2 Total 5 7 /~ 411 s--,~ ltt:JP. ,1 _3 II 'b.7 :l1'l //1/7 6 0 6 /(JD., l).o /()I>. ~J- ~/ 4£ J°tt.l 14,:7 ll)P. I 226 I I


=== Page 236 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-S.lloon 1-Astranomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lii11tPh010m. 4·Birds ~Clouds,Dust, etc. &-lnsuffic. lnl:I. 7-Psycholo&ical I-Unknown 9-0111 .. Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-AircraH 3-light Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l-Psycholo1ical 8-UnknOY111 9-0tller Total Evaluation ~Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&lltPh010m. 4-Birds ~~Dv•~et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. l-Psycholo1ical I-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&i11Ph010m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Dust. etc. 6-lnsuffic. Mio. 7-Psycholo&itll 1-Unllno• 9-Dllw Total ;:,,,e. .5 <--- , ·- -~ ,/,r-- Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tfl I) () /,}(I ,!J,O "-" /II .s I< 4,.(1 :?1.() .lo.o ? 2 d a.,, I" //..o I /) I '°" "·" 4-. 0 ,I) I I 0.IJ 4,p 4.o I) ,., 0 /1.4 "·" A,(1 I t) I ,., tJ., ,I." " 0 " 11.P "·' "·" r 0 ~ 12.• '·" /7" p 0 0 "·' "'" '·" /7 ,f ,LJ' 1(.1,p J;..o NII. i{,/ ~ ......H.I> • .'f M.,/ ,rb Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I J.o tl.o .J.11 I ,;J ? s11 LI 41 7 i 1.r !.:2~.2 !7d.:l. ,1,•d. :z. I ~ t.1 -~O t/. t I) 0 0 dA "·" (1.0 ~ <) 0 P.o "" 0" .? 0 .1 9./ "·" 9./ tJ e; () d.lJ IJ.d "·" f ,<) R ,A2 ,h,, 1~,1;2 " 0 0 ,,~ 0" 11., .:l.:2 JI n t/..7 ./.U I/M ,:',o,11, .5 <-~-~- - d~ IL~- Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Tollll Certain Doobtfu I Total & ,I t!7 AA /7.L!J IP.d ,1-, 9 .H. l.:i~.,- ,Jfl r/ t11.tl .s- I L IIL 2~ 11.'i tJ t:7 0 "" AA dt1 0 J I AA ,n .u /J I I (),(1 2.3 ,1.3 .? () -~ 1P PO 1,. ti p () i)f) OIi iJ,() I.. " (. ;,1,, tJ () lie 0 0 ~ /) 0 O.tJ P.O ~/ 1.1 ;j 2 !-t,,1 ~7. q /Oi1, ,! I ~e11-,.• _ 5,w, _____ Number PerC111t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal I .:l ] .H 1..7 //J.tJ ,j_ I 3 L. 7 ?.~ lt/.P .r {. 'I IJL.., JU ?/Jp t) I I t?.11 l .?. I.I 0 t) p /JD ti# IJ.,1 ~ n p //,A t), (1 /J.tl I " I ?.3 ,P,f) j'.J ,:7 I .3 L'7 J.J 1(),/J /() ~ /ti 111.1 tJ () ,,, ' tJ /':7 () ,1,,:, P. " 4.17 .2 I 9 ,1,. 111.p 1t, " I/JP. ,,,,,,,, ,.-,-;,AA A~ S/' ,. YELt."''·' ,,,,, /C, .,, YEL ,.,,_, ,,,,,, ,..,4r.s ~-/0 _..r:,~A,./nr ✓ //- ,,_ -~- ~- .,,,_ /- <'. ,. - Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent icertain Doubtful Total Certain Do11btful Total L;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoutJtful Total I) t) 0 ,., ,f),n A.() J I :7 13 b 1.2,/- ,'J 0 0 /IA /1.tJ II.I'.> .r 0 _,- ,r,rt ~-" Lrrl. _'{ I 4 IJJ.I ,.J I.U.( (. I -, • : .at j",J 41.'1 I 0 I 1/1 /I.II //./ .J 0 .:r Ill A (1 Ill.fl J .2 .$,- II?. I. J/,J -,ql'f tJ 0 0 ,, . ,,,, /1 II /) 0 () /1.d /J.o ().() 0 I I '·" .r.1 r.'/ t) I J /1(1 1/. I II.I tJ 0 " ,., 11.h A,n A " 0 11,P /).p ,?.() /) .0 " ti.A ,. " /1.(7 IJ I I 0.(1 /. ~ t.3 ' 0 " t!ID OP ,!J.O t? (1 0 l'/.(1 /1.p ,. " 1 /) .-t U.9 "·" l'-6 tJ 0 0 (IA /1,e? -<>. 0 ,cJ 0 t) /),A II.A II.ti I 0 I u AP .t.3 I () I .J"'I t?.o .r.9 ~ 0 ~ l~~.1 11.(J ~,., .2 0 2 lh..{" /)_() /2..l 3 r) 3 111.l ,.,,., 11.t. 0 0 n A (1 /I.I "' (!I 0 0 Ah A,p "·" 0 0 0 '-P /1 II 0 0 I I 9 Ii~ II.I I/Ah 13 J ;t J/.i II.I /OP J.J 4- 17 1-7'/ r 1:2~..r /p() L'- ~,,, .. -- n,,~= "' AA.. ,.-~- 7) ,,d.o!ll7?,o-' , __ fr..,.,..,.• Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total 6 J '1 vt.i .f. I 1~.t~ 4 J '1 7:r r 11. t. Id, I J' -1 ? It.I Lr :71L ..-- J 9 II-'.~' 8.1 .21. t. /? ~ .:2 .l.o J/9 JI.R 4,- .l 7 /J.9 9. 7 UL 4 .1 '1 !11?,f I.I IJl.9 J I 2 .1.9 .r:4 Ill / 0 I 5. 2 P.D !.2 3 0 3 I.I (I 0 II A ,0 Cl "" ,d, 0 "" I 0 J u. 11.0 3.2 /) 0 0 "" P.o "·" /) -ti 0 IP.D /JA d.O 0 0 <) P.o tJ p 0." /) ,0 0 (/.IJ ,t/.O "·" I) t) " 0.tJ o,:, (71) <) 0 " i1.P "tJ P.o ; A I ~7 "·" ,t.? ;z_ 0 :, I/I "·" :111 .s 0 .r J(.1 o.o IL I 0 0 " ,.,,. "" ,ti, I) 0 0 p IJ.O tJ.4 IIP 0 0 0 IJ.O "0 "·" " d (. 1L.2 I),() //.,;.. -~ tJ 3 11.t. "·" If.'- '1 ~ 9 19.P IJ,O 1,4,(1 .:J.. I -~ 5.4 ~.? RI 0 I I d.P J'.'1 .r'I I 0 I J.}. "·" J.l .17 lo 37 1Jo :l.7.o 1011 /0 7 " .rn 41.:J. /Ill/. ;U. ,5 i, 33.9 JO I/ob ,,,,,,A,-;,:,,v ,<),C S/G/11"/A. 6 t?d.11:ers t?r- ,c?r/,1,E',e "'"'"-"'~.r /.·/n <~. --✓ ./)~ //-::>A ,.,,.,,,.,,./,br .~I- £0 - Number Per Cent Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doublful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total .J 0 'I IJ.3 ~I/ t.U ,I .:; -~ r./. 1/J lt.1 / J :2 17 1.1 f,:,.¢ .< I L n.~ /1 iq,,_o d. J ,- ,, 1 .J'./_ 1,,.;9 /} I I R.o 71 7, 7 " ;/ 2 "(l /lJ I.U 4- I -• Lh.2 .r:L IM.t ,:i ~ J- l.t:4 :n.1 IU.G' () I I P.4 (.7 t..7 I ,,0 I r.t. ~.tJ S:J- /) 0 " An ,II.,? ~(l tJ 0 " 0A 0.0 '?" ,,, I I 1,/J r.t. ,;-t. t) () ,,, ~.o #.d ,I, (l " t:J () ,,,, /I .I) IJ.() /J ,,, 0 I. (I '·" l..o tJ " 0 t?.tJ /} A tl.P ~ "" 2 /J.3 ,h 0 I/./ () 0 0 ~,., tf ,o t!I, (l (7 ,., (7 /1.() A.II ,.,~ t) 0 p "·" tl.o /J./) () I I /J,(1 .1: t. ,:;;/,, ~ l'J t) ()I) ,.o f2t) I 0 I l..i ,!J,(1 1..1 .J 0 2 II.I tl.o II. I 4- () ¢, ii.I t?. () ~P.i I 0 I (..1 b,0 ,_t p 0 ,., /Jo "·" 0.() I (7 I 11 A,<J 77 II 4 /J' i1(.~ 2t.1 11111'. /). /,, 1/2 ILl.7 333 la?. K 5 /.1 t/J' 31.J /PtJ. ,<. ~.,., ,u,,,.,,,,,. __ ,I),,..,~ ~ M,. ·--- ), ,,,, ,a -r,. .r ,,_ f.., .......b Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent ertain Ooublful Total Certain Doubtful Total pertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ .? J L ,U. tl.4 ltf:S I 0 I t?.1 P.t) f.l ;;} I 3 1.9 J.4 tf .I I ' I/J'. (. .J. I 1111.1 1 I 4 :Jn t1 J If.I/ Jt) 4- 14 M.,4 1.8 ?tit. .a 4 / 11.J,J 1a.~- %.ti .,, 0 2 Ill~ (!)II n71 ' .J' ., 114,'L ,, ~ ?~9 I p I 1,/ J'J,O £/ ,,, ,., I) A,IJ /J.11 ,,,, I) 0 i!) /),I) /1./J ,:,o ,,, () 0 () 0 (). () /JA I) d 0 0.# II.() P.tJ ~ () I!) I)" /) () t).IJ IJ 0 " P.p #.o /,ti /J I) fJ (),II o.o tJ.p /} 0 () /} ·" A.O ,., ,, J (1 I .n "·" J. I ,!/ .t:J IP P.il tl.o tJ.tJ ( d ' /(..~ /),(1 /(/.',!. I) .,., " 1).(1 ()." 1" / 0 I <?_I /J, d fl I .,, 1 .t.4 h,0 '1. t£ ,:; 0 9 .it. I 0.0 ti.I .2 " .3 11~3 /J,O 11.J '} " 1 111.I ,,_ /7. / (7 I I ,.p J./ 1./ ti. CJ " tl.D (l, f) 17.tl L) I I /) 0 .1.4 :2.41 ,2~ q ?, 7/,9 .2/. I 1/Ptl ID I // 9,.9 9.t /'7(1. 31 ,, 4! 11.o ~:I.ti ''"" 227


=== Page 237 ===

Ft:Je ,/J, ,AA-r'/~A, &'F r,r/g-~/J,. .s- s~,..- ✓- -- /~-- ~ • /n <~ ••,ifk • ,.,,,ber Per Cent Number Per Cent EWllualion Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~Balloon I :f 4 /3 :, q .r-, .P I I /J,/J ~ I :1./ 1-AstlOIIOllliCII .:u .:7r ,I(. 27.3 ,~ j" J7/.i .r 9 J/l. h~/. -,c, / A•.? 2-Aircrlft ~ 7 II .ci I/. I 1,.. ~ J 4 ? CJ.4 /~ ..J ,2/'I Hi&MP!ltnom. " .2 2 /1,() ..1 t. .1.t I " I 1./ ,9. () t / 4-Birds I I :2 /J J.3 2,1,, " " ti /J 0 /1.0 A.o S-Clouds. Dus~ et~ I? 0 () /1.IJ O.IJ I) () " e> () P.o /J () l.tJ 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. I 0 I I.!, O.tl I.J 3 0 .3 ,f/t/. II. 0 1/4 7-Psyd!Dlo~131 ,, ,., 0 O.t1 P.O P.o L!) 0 0 tl.O ,.o ti.ti 1-- 7 ,. 7 Q.I 0.tl 9. I ' i!) I. 11.f /J.IJ 10 !1-0lh" -~ I 4 .I. 'j / . .1 .r.:2. t7 t!') ,,, /J () /.I (J ,Pf) Total Jx .H· -n 4t.~ J1Jt Voo. Is /II ~.2. J'LJ 4H loo. t:J s..,-~-,V.k• • s ,H_Nv-~ r.-.w M,~--r~., I Num~ Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doobllut Total ~Balloon /J" /~ :n J✓ ,t 11.'i .f4.7 /,f /2 .Jo lf4 /,).'/ i1.~ l·Astronomical :2 .? .1· 2.1 3.,.. :.:.? /11 4 14 ,,, g 4.,. I/. I !•Aircraft /(J f If 1/P. ..I ,I.ti lf'I .! /o I~ ../.l. JP.i /4.tJ 3-Liaf,tl'llenom. ti (J tJ t)/} t7.o /J A -2. 4 C .2..1. 4.3 t..J 4-Binls " 0 tJ 00 00 tl.o ,'J (? D /.l.() /J.o IJ.n S-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ " ., 3 /)_/J .J.2. .J.2 6 0 0 P.O (J.O IJ 0 6-lnsuffic.lnfa. ..r 0 .r ,,. ' tJ.o .r:1 1 0 1 1.1· ().O 1.,- 7-Psydlolo1ical / I ~ I.I I.I ..?.2 .r 0 .1' .r.4 P.P -~4 8-UnknD• .:TL" 0 ,7, 27.,1 /} 0 )1.4 // 0 //, 1111 /J.o 1/U !I-Other .J 0 J .?:,. t).O .1.2 .,2 0 :l. ~,, tl.P ~-2 Total £_;i, 13 9S' t.r:.z 14.1 1/IJp, u Jo 93 t,7-'J J). .3 /A(J :1M'?e ,£/ff.r Fat!- "' 'T/OM ,., / .< <-- -; - /·-- L-/o <,,: ........ ✓ Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doobtful Total ~Balloon ..:l I 3 9./ 4,J J.l(. tJ 2 2 P.h /11.S" ,,, ~ l•Astronomical / / :7 ✓...- d.,' 9o ,tP :l. ~ h.O 111 . .r IIU' 2-Aircraft ,..t ~ 9 9/ l--l1.J J/,.4 B I 'i .,,1-1.1 f.3 41.4 J.Litnt Phenom. / 0 I dJ /J./2 ,,,_ " I I A.0 J:.? f.J 4-Birds / /> I 4.J' PA d.r ,t7 0 0 ,,_,,, O.o t/0 S-Cloud~ Oust, et~ t) 0 0 0 L1 /J, (J /1.o " 0 0 P.o o.o IJ 0 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. / 0 I 4,. P.P Ir / 0 I .(3 o.o .n l•Psycholoaical / (J I 4.J 0.tl -1..r- p 0 0 /JO O.IJ /J.o 8-Unknown I 0 .? /J.I. /J,tl /.J.{.. 4- el 4- 1..21.1 d.O l,,2/.J 9-0ther ; 0 2 qi A.0 q_ I " t:1 0 (1.11 tl.0 PO Tot~ 14 3 ;2:l 11.3 t J/.4 ,,,.,. J-1 (, /9 ltf.4 .!IC I/Pd. ,{,/ ,,.__ ~- - ,< ;,t.., r,-, ,( - _._ ,'If·,✓ -: -- Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tola! Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon /1 .J' 22 ?-? I tf 2~/. J.,f '1 :n .J4_o il" 1L.o l•Aslronomical I 0 I J,. 1)0 /. 3 () I I /J .n /..3 J.j 2-Ai,craft /.f /o 23 /L.'i 1.1.o 2'1.'I 9 /0 ,q /)_o /l3 :U3 3-LightPhenom. / I .,,l J~ /3 ..u 0 I I ~" /.3 1..-1 4-Binls / 0 I /,3 /J. 0 1.3 t'7 0 " tl.o d_lJ ti., 5-Clouds, Dust, etc. " () () '·" .. 0 ,f,(J . /J 0 0 /1.IJ A.O do 6-lnsuffic. ~fl). .,- 0 .:,' [J /J (7 /..J ,f 0 j /(1.7 /.J.o 1111 7-Psydlo~~"' I () I h A.() /3 J 0 I /. l (}A J.:t 1-Unlenown ,,.,, 0 ,lo l..2t." D.O :..-,.1.0 /,;J 0 /:l. vt.o t:J.o /(,o !1-0lh" / I ~ /.J I.~ .2., 4 ..:l &; .r.~ :?.? Slo Total /.o 11 "?'? 1'1.9 ;.2.1 /(It). .r). ;u 1-1.r I/Q1 Jo.? l/11.:! 228 ,_,,, __ _,, /,;L"' //- :,_ .:S 'l"-.ifl>.S Number Per Cent [;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I ,2 ~ .J./,. .r.~ 7.'I ✓ ~ 7 J:I '.) .r? 1rr- .,. ~ II /3.). l.t:K 14'.o ,., / I h./J ~/ ~-' d 0 It /7.0 Ro ,.o " " " AO p " d.() 4 0 4 IAJ AO IP✓ " 0 0 "0 tl.o I.() /(J 0 In ,,, ;: il.O ~t.3 ,.2 0 ,2 f.~ l)_t) f.3 1 ..27 II .J,f 71.I :219 Inn. /),,r~ ~- NI. ✓vrr~ Nu~e, Per Cent ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total f ? ;/ II.I. 1o .u.t. /I r I I. 1 ..u1. II.~ ~1..:; -2. I ? 4.1 ,l,3 1o () 0 p P.o 11.0 /Jo (? - t) ,1.(J /).0 A - /2 0 t) t7. (J DO O.o " (J /) IJ./J tJ.0 /J(J 0 D t) IJ ti b.O ,f() II 0 II 2.r:1.. A.O ~,., ,.2 " .2 4. 1 t/.t> J..1 UJ q 4~ 19.1 ,1().9 /IJIJ r. ,, ., //- "- -.., __ K,.A'I' Nurrtler Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I ..J 4 Jo I,. I fl / e> I ,1.(J .1/. IJ 2.o /,! /J' .B u..1 3o,t, 11.13 /) 0 tJ ,,,,, AJ1 tl.O p 0 0 P.o o. o .IJI) ,1 () 0 ti (l O.o AO / (J I .t.o tJ.o :?. " ,,t I .5 41 ~.o 1,,./ 7 0 '] 1,~3 /JLJ 14.!. ,? (J 0 IJ~ 1/.IJ A.O .?o J(j 1-'I to. Ji..l /t)(). ,n, ~~ ,, ,.,,_,,,, ____ Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t 3 9 .:No /;:/.0 ·~-" .3 ·I 4 1.2.tl 4.o 1/t...o I 0 I 4.o A,0 4.o () 0 0 ,.o D.O 11,0 ,!) .LJ ,>7 tJ.'1 "·" o.o / (J / 4o d.o 4.o " 0 0 0.0 P.o o.o j 0 1 ~A ()_,:, i(J '? a 1 '19IJ '1.0 ~r,, d I I "" 4.(J 4.o :Zo 5 2r ltJP ,<ti.ti •/,Pt/. /,1(/,C. ,,,,_,=- /?,t;'J5t!7"S .I I- t:. o < •-.if;z,~ Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ A / I (JO 2.t ,;,t :J .:l 4 .r;, J·., /1.:l " 4 'I /J.9 /I.I J.t:o I!) 0 0 P.t? 0.0 P.O .! I 4 1.3 .2.J /// ,, " " "·" tl.O t/.4 ·i " '/6.7 'P.o li.1 0 ,!!, 0 0 0 tl.O t:J.O /ii,. 0 /:2 5J.3 0.0 .JJ.3 ,,, 0 0 () (J tl.O "7.P 1.? ,f 3, 1118 ;2.J.:l l/60. )\,,,oL'ITJO,A/' Y ~rAr~b Number Per Cent Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /-1 ..1 Ji I..U 4'1 17-S /0 ~ If 9,1 1,1 11.r (j 4 /!, i.1 5.1 11,C t!i t:) /) ,9,:? o.o i'J.O t!i 0 0 /1.o tl.O I/. tJ / (!> I J.o ,1.17 J.o ~., " 3~ ~~4 /). () )d ..2 I g I. 'I I. 0 u -r4 " ;t.4- ;1J.J tl.O ~J.J 4 0 4 3.1/ (1.0 .J.t/ 3.s- 13 I/A.f S;l,J 11.( /00. J s ~I-Lo c:. ,.~,,,.,., Number PerCmt Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total .2 A 4 ..n .r. .3 111., " (J 0 tl.t' IJ.t'J (J.() /.r /. ;u 3-,_J /J"K I<<.• 0 I I ,tl.O .:u. 2.t. / 0 I :7.L 0.0 :2.1.. " I.::) 0 /J - ().() ,.o .7 "' ,< ..Ii.I. IJ.0 .r.l, n ~ (J P.o 0.0 o.o 3 IJ .8 .JI.I 0.0 1..21.1 I 0 I ..7./, ti. 0 ,2.L 2'1 9 3J' '10 13.1 /a,. l> - ·"'· - ...S".,..-..dr~n. Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ .l.d 3 13 1/9 .u. 1.r:J / 3 4 /.,t 3.t. 4.! 11/ 4 2.3 J,.t. 4-.I .11d. I 0 I l.2 ,P_(J l.:l (7 I I tl.o /2 I.A t:J tJ d tJ.o tJ.o ,,_,,, ..:lo 0 ;,o 2.H tJ.o W.t I () I I., ,§_ t) /~ /✓ ,!7 /.r /'7tf 4'.0 117.'i ' ,!) I. ~I P.O 71 1.J JI 14 IU9 /3.J IP/7. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 238 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2•Aircrlft H1jlltP111110m. 4-Birds ~Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psydlolo~cal 11-~.. 9-01111' Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-AircraH 3-Litht Phenom. 4-Birds ~Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycholoeical 8-UnknOMI 9-0l!ler Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astranomical 2-Aircratt 3-LijlllP!lenom. 4-Birds ~Clood~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnlo. 7-PsychologiCII 11-Unlcno.. 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0.Balloon l•Astnioomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lijllt Pheno•. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dust. etc. 6-lnsutric. •to. 7-Psydlo~&ical 11-Unkno.. 9-Qlhe, Total ~VAi. (/AV,?11 4!" {?A',IFeT ,f"/Gh'T/Al6S ,rq,e ,£Lt. fl"E&'S: ff t:~LMS ,eua,ergLJ ;'~A Av. ~r,C'II/ /,1/ './. L) ,,, ,7,r .o~ v-r. '6 /.7_d_r;:-;1.,- ,.,,,, ,.,,,,, A/t?r <-r"AT6". _,r .. _ - - J,,•• ,(. ,- <.- _,_. JI.>~ <"'. ,_ - 1 ,_Lo s.~A ,,h, ltlmbe! Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per.Cent Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Tolal certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain D"'btful Total Certain Doubtful Tot• A I I tf-o ,1:(J ~() J I t.,. JI.I II,/ 22.t IP I I ,., JI .J'.I 1 I ,; II.lo 4.5 11. J 3 .J // ,,jA_tJ I,{'.() r,:;o 2 J .f :J1.2 Ill 137.J .j I ✓ tfd ~-' 11?.S" ).. I J X? d-,, l?.tJ 4- I 5 ,;11., ./: &I ?,::,:; I I 2. Ill J/I '?1.2 .r 4 (j llf.t. /~ j' ?g / 3 I <L /_~.o 4.3 /'1.,J b 0 /] /J.tf ,. (J /J.,, /,) 0 /'} ~-" IJ.b ,,_,, ,P I!:) t) In "" ().() i!) .,0 n t)_,, tJ.o /1/J " 0 () '·" ,D.f) 0. IJ " 0 /] /I.A A.O ,,_,,, ,t) e, vJ ,9 " An /1/] ,., () L) /J.LJ tJ.o 0.n " " A d_(J 11.0 (). () IJ 0 I? D.(J (),C ao /1 I I /J" J. I 11 () e, () tl.O ti .o IJ.IJ .;, 0 ? 1.r.o o.o /5.() I ,:, I 1/.I t1. 0 //. I -/ D 7· ~Id /J" 2/.9 ~ C :t, I.? /)_() fl'/ II 0 e? 4.d '·" ao ,, D ,., /).IJ A.A O,tJ ,, 0 I? /)I) /P.b 'l /) " 0 0 /).LJ ().() C).tJ ,? " 0 d.n IJ.() {).tJ J 0 I /I/ /),() //./ 4 eJ </ 1;u /) () /:2.i 9 0 9 J9.t {).() 1¥ I 0 CJ C) (}tJ tl. () {J. tJ ,,, 0 /] tJ.tl P.o (J.n ;l. 4 L,. £1 l;I..J ·1f{f{ A I I IJ.tJ J ..s 4 q IS ~ :lo 1£o :U:o /00. t, -5 4 LL.? 3J.1 /()(). :v II J,. 6s., J4.4 /()() 19 4- ;:l.3 h./.. 11.4 /IJQ, /. / 5,r,-,,,_.,DS: -s ,Nf,.,-_, __ ;(- ~,, ~- /),,~~ ~,c M . .,-. .-~ 7),,.,,,, .-._./ '-r- ,l'..-.,,..-eb Number Per Cent Number PerCenl Nuntler Per Cent Number PerC81t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain O...btful Tot~ /:l.. .J 15' 11/1 -1. '1 2t/.t g II l'I 1/.I l✓ .3 2C.Q .5 ~ S" 1.1 .[/ /?,f /I 4 15' {,.(,. 2.4- 9, tJ I) I I ac I/. I./, 3 A 6' 42 .u -tLJ .J I ,; 1.7 .:u. ltJ..3 /.[ I .1.51 9. () ,4£ /2" .l 1 tS- /.~., /1.r Nt 1.;., J' 17 IL.? 1.-'I 2.U I 3 ff .u. 1.1 lll..f 1:2. 1( 2-f 1. J. 9(. lt.S ~ I j 71 /I. 4. 9 () 0 ,? ,i?,(J IJ.o //.Cl () <) /1 /J.tJ /J.,, t).(J .2. I _g /2 I/,(. I.S " " 0 P.o ll.o t?,t:J eJ J I I) tJ 1.4 /,4 2 " £ ~-:, ,!J.IJ -.1 ..z.. I .J 1.:i. P-'1 IR 0 0 () ifl.Q "·" (J.C) I 0 I Id ll o ,,, ~ 0 t:J "·" t'l.11 ,:),(J (:J 0 0 ''-'' IJ.,:, /?.IJ ~ D ..J' ,14 ,9 () ¢9 JI 0 II llf.3 AO !Sf ,f () !;' 21.I' t/.tl ?,>,:; A.~ 0 4fi ;?1.7 &/.t:1 2n (J 0 n /1.(J tJ.O 4tJ ..t d ~ .?.f ll.o 1.s I 0 I .?.( (/.(1 :z.t .3 I a l,i /J.~ .2 ,'I ~, 0 ,,,, 1:l.li (),,, 12.S 9 ,. y ID..( II." I 1.!5° II a ti H~ /J,(J 2K.Z ..n ~ :29 11.¢ "'·" -/~/L 4- a t/ tt:. tl.o ~-I. 7 ,., 1 9.7 ,!I.I) ~7 4 " ¢ /tJ,J 11.IJ IO.J' 114 0 ,q .t.4- "·ll K".~ 49 l:Z I. I ltU, 19.7 /AA .f" _j 19 'h. 1-11, ~t.4 /AA. J3 L .1'1 ilJ. /J~4 //JI) /Jt, j/ /,? ,fl.¢ Ii.(, /,Pd EWIIAV4AI rtJ,e, {/?t,;1?4T//hU ~,:- S/L ·- ,,. f1AA -- ,,,,,, ..::t.t? l//f/G ""' "A/Ge /?,g'J6~T".<: _.., ..r.eA--fJ> - /,,. 6 - ,- _i:: .,.. ,~ .. / J/- '- ..s: .. .,. - .31- Ln .!',,----~-< Number Pe,Ce11t Number Pe,C111t Nuntier Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain O...btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain D"'btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain 0...btful Total t1 t1 0 IP.d 41.0 tJ.0 ,, I) tJ ,,,, t1.tJ .t?.O ,IJ 0 t? tl.l!J II. tl I .a ti I ~ .f f.1 13.J -J/1,, II ' /7 1.n..1 l.t'n ,/~S J t) ~ 41.1 AA 1-v't.1 :2. 4 £. h ..r ~f() .f;ts J :I. .:I 1..1 l1J 2tJ." ,; " K .t'. (J l✓ .o ~{).() J 0 7 :uo II..? 2s.o / I :2. L.2 t.i /~.4 I ~ .:I I,.? 11.?. :ZO,;; ~ () n .9.o "·" /J.() ,,, /J 0 Al t/.C' /J/"l A ~ L) AA P.o n.P " 0 /) /),() /I.I) ,,,, " I I "·" :/.~- .:2.5" t!) /J 0 ,, ll. tJ n,, I 0 IL-, 1).(7 ~2 ti e, /? /)t, /JO 0.() /) () tJ ,,,_ 00 ao ll 0 0 /)" () I) tUJ " 0 /) /Jp t). () ().t) ti a ,,:, "" (J.Q C).t) 1- " ¥ IIJ.o (J.4 ilt>.P p 0 0 "·" 0,., ,,,, a 0 Ci /J.(J P. 0 tJ.P I t!) I /..7 (}.() 11-7 I 0 I Jj" ,.o .:2.5 " 0 tJ ()_;, ~-' ,?.(J ,, () () /) (I '·" ~,.. I " / £.1 Po l/..7' .r tJ s /41. .J' /),(1 /-?,:; 3 0 J .1(o /) IJ %,() I, 0 ~ J?.J 0.0 l.f7.s- 4- 0 (,/ )1(.1 ().Q 2t..7 .J I .d 7J' ~- ''1 () J " / f.1 ll.o ,f:.1 tJ I J /),0 L:l ~.t /) 0 e? 11.o 11." ,,,,., .7t 14 l4t; L,-" 1J~I) 1140. /;I. 0 1;2. IAA.0 i!J.o 14a /tJ t, /{ ,i.r .11.J' /(JO. q 6 !1.f '°-IJ -1,.0 ltJ() 61 S<F,-o«.o~ - .5" JJI,.,.. ___ 6" _,_ A ./. --- t)v,,,. .;,,, ,.,, .,.______ 7) ,,;;i .,-,,,.,, A 'a.- (.,-A...-» ltlmbe! Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain OCNJbtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ ~ J- B' L. 7 //! 11.~ J' ~ ~ 11,q 1 I 2S:/J ! 0 .J' .1nA IJ.o 2/J.O .3 I ✓ t_ll 2.tl R /J /) -~ .5' t) () t.7 J..7 / I 2,, _:(.{.. ~, 11. J 4 'f .:IAO ';?t.? eft..7 '1 J~ ;t, /1/.(I /0.(I "" 0 4- ' /{) l.'1 IV tu I I :z. u. l.t.. '1.2- p J / P.o L.7 .,7 t ..r 1/ 1:/.tl IP.() 21.0 ;J.. 0 t, ,1.¢ ()/J dd ' -0 " .:JIil &I.ti 21-~ I 0 J {.? /).0 ,t,.} I ,:, I :2.t:I IJ,O !/.t:) /) D tJ ~() () IJ /1() ,., () tJ ,o ,o 11,, t) () /} AO /1.0 AA ,P (? tJ p.,, /1.,, ().I} ,,, 0 (? i!J.CJ ().4 tlt) .,, ,, tJ 11.o "·" (l.tJ (') 0 t:) ti." 0. 0 LJ.t) ~ () 0 /).tJ /)." t).(J ~ 0 // K'i "·" f?.9 I 0 I u .. /).0 .?.t () /.) tJ /]" ,. 0 ,?.tJ 1 () 'f ,4.(J ().e, l¢n I ;l. .J' .l.2 4.4 ,t,_., t7 (J /J ,,,A ll.o ,!)/} 0 I I tl.o '- 7 r,,.7 I (7 I .2.0 (!).ti .1.0 /2 0 /:2, 21,? /) (7 tr,,7 9 0 ,; "· I t:l." ft.I I () I ,.7 A A .t...7 <? b 9 /l.t; A.n 1/"'/J .3 " .5' L.7 tJ (!1 /..7 t? I / tJ.o s,.t:. ?. .. J e, I ,., AO L..7' J 4 ,. .2.() R. o ,n.n .-Z9 j(,, 4s t,a.a J.r.t. /(/(J. .2.3 [ ,U IJ.f /7,&J In/I 9 t. /[ ,:u .I7.[ 1/oo. ,J .r 1.r ✓ o 1'7AA l~.9.tJ I~ 229


=== Page 239 ===

~ tfl,fS EML&-nt?AI e,,= MJ£4r ;cu. ,,,,,,,,~//711/ OF S/6h'7"/A/"- -~ ,;-,.-,._.J.D A"" ll..rs ,/,-/O <, _,_ ~ Numbe< Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi !J.Balloon 67 ,::, ,:l /J_/J 120 /J/J tJ /) tJ ,u? ao 12_,? 11-Astronomical 2 ? /5' dLI/,/ -?;'.9 j'_!,J 4- C (I' l ✓. ✓ .Y' ,:J.tJ ~q.'q 2•Aucraft ;I.. 0 2, I/. I t?.O Ill I I 2, I/./ I/./ 22.t. 3-Lighl Phenom. ,,, 0 /) /J/J /J/J ,? /J /) /'J 12 t?.t? t:20 (7-,c; 4-Birds t:J 0 t2 /J_/J /J/7 OJJ t? 0 t? 40 0,/J t?.d ~Clouds, Oust.etc. p 0 0 4,,';J /J, /J /?.~ /l ,!) ,? o,,:; t?-0 a,:, 6-lnsuftic. Info. tJ t:J /J !?.O 0.0 tJ.,:J / 0 I (/. I /J.,:? //./ 7-PsydDlo(ical t:J 0 12 ,?_I? ,17/) 40 /) 0 0 /J.0 d. /J tJ.tJ s-~.. J 0 I 5.'t, t?.O 5:C ~ " 2, :tf.t. /J.O :tt.z 9-0ther t) " (l ao Cl.() O.t? tJ 0 IJ /J.t2 /2.t? ao Total II '/' Ii tf,/.I J'.U /(l(J. ff / (j lff'.f //./ v~ /,. I <'1- /_ - .s-.AI-~--- tf-..Jo '1.-/.,_ t:_r Number Per Cent Number Per COit Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon .J ~ K l.?.tJ ~1 .1/. 7 4 () 4 I/.// 4.t? //,I.I I-Astronomical I I :2. ~.! ~f %.t 6 ,<) &- /:(I ,2,:J 17./ 2·Aircraft t I '/' 2"./ .✓ .3 J'tl.g' 3 J- F rt 1dJ £2.f 3-Li&htPhenom. 0 0 l'7 4.t? 0/J Cl./.? I ,a I 2? /lt? t.9 4-Birds C 0 /7 lt2t? 'c?. tJ t?. tl ti!:) 0 tl t?.tl 0/7 ,?,r? S-Clouds. Dus~ etc. " 0 t? ,, ,., atJ 0,.0 tl I I 11'7.0 2.9 f.9 S-lnsuffic.lnfo. 4- 0 d' 11.4 t?.t? /7.¢ f 0 J' %.t /J.O JU 7-Psychological I) 11 t? t?.t? /2/J 41'7 / 0 I ~-? /,J.tJ 2.9 8-Unkno'MI J 0 ./ i/5-17 1'7,:) If.CJ II 0 II .!;. ',t 4/J li'I. ft' 9-0ther .2 0 !2, .i'.1 /J.tJ $'.1 tl 0 t7 /.) /J /J.t} t?. ,1 Tot~ If ¥ :;3 SU, 117.'✓ ~ 2.'I t, 5.r !n9 /7. I /PP, 1}f8L,f $' f'. ,_ ,,,,. I~-- L'- IO J,,-_ ... .,,.,(' Number Per Cent Number PerCmt Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Dollltful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon ,,, tl (7 /J.t? t?.t? tJ. tJ ~ tJ 0 /J/, tJ. (7 t?. tJ I-Astronomical ,.)1 .29 6Z ff.7 ~;(S $'5.2. / .., %' ~I l..?J. 1f.7 2·Aircraft .2 0 ?. .?.S cJ. tJ 5..? I ,? I ?./ CJ.,:7 f./ 3·Light Phenom. A 0 (7 17.tJ (7, tJ '✓'l"' LJ 0 ,., t:J,,:; atJ tJ. /) 4-Birds /) 0 // 17./J 0.tJ ,,,,_,, II tJ ,:, ,, /? //.0 (J_,? 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ ,!) n 0 ,,,, O.t) tJ t) ti 0 cJ 4/J tJ.tJ CJ.o 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ..2 0 2- J'.5 t?.O 3.3 II " ~ n.,:; /Jt) 1-<lO 7•Psychoto1ical p " I? ,?_,? .0/J 17.tl .n " cJ ,, /, /1.0 tJ.,., &-Unknown .J " J' 1-? ,7,,., ;/.? ..z tl :2, 111.2. /1,., d.2 9-0ther J I z I/.~ /.6 5-2. 0 " 0 IJJ.(J O.CJ O,o Total .? I ..?CJ t, I 5t2B 1/U.. llt}t) ✓ '1 // 5t,.lf t,5'.i.. rt?o. 6 J <...---./_,., -5 N .. , ___,, L-31'1 ..,, / - Number PerCE11t Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tobi certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ().Balloon I tJ I II.I t?.v' //./ J () ; I~ I tJ.tJ V l•Astmnomical 11 I I I.JI.J II. I //./ » ? d '1./ 2·U I?/.// 2-Aircraft LJ .r 5" 11/J 55? 65.t. .2 () !2, ldt t:J./J lix:.t 3-Li&htPhSIOm. h 0 t? ,,,,, ,, ,.., ,?.1'7 .2 0 2, 11?2.. ,!7.(J Vi?.2- 4-Birds 0 (J .? I/? /J /J /J ✓'l/J ~ 0 t? I /?.cJ tJ./.J ao 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. I) 0 ✓? il.Jt? /1-✓ 1 /ltJ ti /7 t? J?.,1 ,?,() t).1'7 6-lnsuffit. -.to. I 0 I II, I /1/J 111,1 ,tl 0 a t7.tJ a.o ao 7-Psydlolo~cal ~ u o !o.o 10.0 O.CJ D d tJ .,.,~ l'?./J ,? .,., &-Unknown 0 0 CJ At? ,,.,., ,,,_,., ~ (7 :2, IN .. t7.tJ IR.2, ~°'" I tJ I II I /.J/1 111./ t) 0 tJ /.!t:: (l. ✓? /J.C) Total _g ~ q J.J..J l,t-1 IO(J. ~ .;' II 12.7 211 lt?t?. I 230 ,11,.,1 o,e r. L/J✓ ,UA//.. //-_,r,, .SF--, •• Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tobi I () I ~-7 /7,/J /4.1 4 :2 I,, 2t.7 1/5.3 4'&2& I -~ 4 t-7 21?.tJ 2t.J tJ t:J ,? t:ltJ CJ.O tJ.O /) 0 /J '?/J /;_,? .,,,.., .b 0 ,? 1,1,,:i ✓?/1 0.0 A "' t? l,-7..o ,.,,., ,.,,., I ,,, I /...7 0./7 t-7 2. " 2, ✓ ?.I 0.;J //.J I () I ,;,; t:?.tJ &-.7 //J 5' 1.r tf,,t,.; 5'.J'-3 ICM. /),,,,_ ~- A,/ ./H ___ Nunler Percent Cl!flain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Total J I ~ rG:o 5,tJ 2ai, .r d. 'f 25:tJ ftJ. tJ .15:17 / ,j .J' 5.tJ /t).tJ 15.tJ 0 ~ .z t?.I'/ //J,/7 100 tJ 0 /J /1,0 at? t?. tJ tfl " /7 /J./7 O.tJ tJ,t? 0 0 t? tJ.IJ t7. /] t].t) I 0 I ~tJ 0.0 .50 I 0 I t>-0 Cl.Cl 5:t? I I ~ ~(J S:o 10.tJ 12..- ~ ,,2o V.:I'/.& ¢'0.o 1,:,a ,. //- .:,,,., ,:-,_~,,,,. Nuntier Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,!l tJ t7 41'7 tJ. tJ CJ.O 6 I 7 /./ 7 II./ 11f' " I / ,?~ /I. I //,/ 19 ,? a /1 ,1 /J, tJ tJ.O b 0 L7 ,.,,.., l?.0 1'7/J II 0 CJ a,, ,...,0 O.& " 0 t? 11, t? /}_ (7 0. 0 p 0 0 ,,,., ,,,_,, ,, 0 I 0 I //. I 0,/? //./ ~ d /J 1/J 0 /J.O ,., ,., 1 Z, q 11-1.Ji 12.2. /tJO. ,-,,,,.,. Jn M ✓----~ Number Per Cent ~rtain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Total I tJ I .ttl.c. tJ.CJ ~P.O I ,::, / ?/1,/.. ✓'l.,., ~/) I () I Wot? ,()_/] 2aP t7 ,,, /) 46 a~ (7./J t? 0 /J /).J'J t?.tJ O.() p " J? 1/?.J? tJ.,? /1_/, ,tl 0 0 lac, tJ.t:J /.J.O 4 0 ,1 .,.,_.., /J./J /J.O ,.2 " -2.. l9'ti.ti /1. ,:J flao tJ " 0 /1. /J rJI.} l,-1.a 5" (J ✓ (tJ().t} tJ.tJ 1,,,,, -l'En c?/?✓ Ft!7S 2/-~0 ~~-H..DC Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Tobi Certain Doubtful Tot~ ,;L ~ " Jl~t) 4/J_ /) .e-~~ I t:) I /tJ.O 0./J /t:J,,:; I I t, 1,:J./.. //J,,:? 2/J.t? IP L1 t:l ,1.1) t:7.0 ao /J /7 /? ao i?.t? _o,...-, t) 0 0 t:l.O atJ /?.,':) /) (J 0 ao /?.O ao /) 0 tJ tJ.t!J ,a t7 (). 0 / 0 / /,?/2 /1,,:J lt?-0 / / £ I/,<!,;, /(7.t? 21?.? " ¢' /0 11• .a /J f!'atJ l(J/7. n.,1 11 -. _,, •• r <"-~r..-_. Number PerCmt Ce!lain Doubtfu Total Certain Dcubtful Total ,!l 4- 4 /J/J !.8'. .z !..t 9 4 /.? 1f?U g'.t, :z~ 7 I R ;;/.! .Pt? /tf,, q II 0 t? 17.t? tJ./} I/?_,, p 0 /7 - ,., t?, tJ t).,? t? 0 /7 /J.,? ,?_ /7 /Jn /tJ " J/J :ttd tl.O 111,, fl ,P t) tJ /J. /] t?.tJ Ll,rJ /;1. cJ 1:t, 2,fr /?.O 119." 5 JJ. " f., ✓. I ,., (J 4/ 1¢P 11 d4 &'It Ji'.<./ lt7tJ, ~/-/_~ -- ./~. Number PerCmt Ce!lain Doubtfu Total Certain Dcubtful Total ,!/ d c? aa c?.t? tltJ / 0 I 5tJ.0 /). ,1 6{J.{. ti 0 t? at? t2. tJ CJ.Ll LJ (J /) ..,,,., ,.,_ ,1 /).(/ t!) 0 ,tJ /?.t? cl. CJ ao ,P 6 ,? ,., /J /J,tJ I/?, tJ 0 d /J 12./J t:J. t? tJ. tJ A 4 tJ ~,., /J, /J lat? I () I 5P.O (}, ✓? IKn.O I? (1 t) ,4,/} tJ.tJ tJ. /} '7, t) .:l. /tlao c?.o 1100 7',,.~Ar/6,V ,.,,,,. r ~ ... r.&J) Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ p t) tJ ,?t) (J IJ ,, ,., /(l 14 2.t/ 2-71 3f'I i66.7 / I I :, K ?fl' ,;:r. ,,, 0 /} /)_() 0.0 ().0 Cl 0 t? ,,,, ,_() /J,O I) 0 /7 tl,d ,!,,? o.o 6 0 61/L.7 /) ,tJ /£,7 t7 t:J 0 ,_,, IJ.O ,j_ I} J 0 .f 9~ 11.4 '/.3 I 0 I :z,g 0.() .:Z.'I /l.( I~ .J'~ .rl.3 41.'1 la?. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 240 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2•Aircratt 3-LiehtPhenom. 4•8irds 5-Clouds. Oust, etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-P,ycllolO&iCII II-Unknown 9-011111 Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-AircraH Hi&htPhonom. 4-Birds S-Clouds,Dus~et~ S-lnsuffic.lnfo. l•Psycholo1ical II-Unknown 9-0l!ler Tot• Evaluation ~Balloon 1-Astronomical 2·Aircraft 3-Li&ht Phonom. .. Birds 5-Cloud~ Dus~ etc 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I-Psychological II-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astionomical 2·Aircrlft 3-Liil't Ph..,.. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffl~ Info. 7-P,ycllolo~c:al II-Unknown - .. Total EJ/;IL(l,fr'/C:W'. t2F (l,fl.J£er v'Jftt'.rtlfl6S 62&' d£t, </E,U,S ,!?y' Nuus ,f'E,o{l,<z:gp &",,,, '/,l;l',.-r/CJ ,,,,,,. S/,<;H'?' ~,£,!.t)t,/ le J /11/G t.LCJ 'l!!JG: :s ,,v L Y. a ~ ,., , VE W t:J t!J. £ S;;co"".J PR L,n.s 6-Jt> S'£COIVL7S J/-31) SFctJA'.PS 3/-J:',t} 0£CtJIVOS Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total icertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ L) " t) d. /) l?.0 0.0 /) .tJ I) at £: tJ 12() / I :z_. 7.7 77 l.f:~ , n 0 ll_n n./J ,?,O 6 .J 9 JS"J l'U S).,9 ✓ ,? 5' 1.-r,,1 tJ.0 S.5:/, I I ,:I.- 7,7 7,7 1.r./, ~ I 3 ;s;,- 71 f2.3./ ,,2 I J //.~ 5:r /7,7 I 0 I 1/./ t?,0 1//./ J 0 3 ;23/ t).t) ,23/ J ~ ;- ./2.3.I /§':-'f ,JB:S / ,t) I ."9 t?.t:J r., LJ 0 t? 411 ao .a, p ,0 0 1/J.,? J?.t? /?,L) ... J I "?" 7.7 Z'/ e; I I ,/J./J -~ 5";9 ,:, I I /)I, //,/ //,1 ,tJ I'} ,t} l'J?.o 0.0 o.o ,., " /,? 1,.,.,, "'· /) /l/l /') l!J t? /7./J /J.v ,:J,t:J ,t) " t? /JI. /)_I) tJ.P /j I / In. t> 7,7 7,? L) " t? -'-!" /J,LJ o.o I 0 I r,I.J nn S:'f A " CJ NJ t'.O tJ.t .1 0 3 .231 ,,,~ )J,J () 0 ~ ,,, ,, /J.CJ tJ.O " 0 /? /J.l /)/) IJ.0 /} 0 0 t() tJ.P I)~ I 0 I 7.7 /J. /) 7,7 I d I 7.7 n.n '7.'7 ,;z. 0 .z_. ii.¥ /J.L) //,7 :l. CJ .)... ~2 t).() 1~1'.:2 I ~ I 7,7 I,?. CJ '7,1 s ·" 3 I~ -:i,/ ,'2.t) -:JJ./ 0 0 t7 ,2t) t?.O /J.O L) 0 t? t?J t?,() tU Li 0 ,,, /J.I? ,1/1 t;() 0 0 L/ O.t:::? o.t:J I).~ /;L S- I? 17,U :ZVI· JtJt) 1 I e; Yf.1 J/./ ///. //7 3 /.3 7/.9 ~I )/)0, 'I /f- I.! t?.~ 31?.1 Jt?a J;/ S',,c-,0 ,,~c - S-- M1#0TF.1 6-3:1 /l ✓ 1, A/P,,-,e-S /Jyp',;, ..J' f? ,,W,,,111t1TE'> /7v17.,4-r,,,,, ""'T S'T/ITPP Number Pl!t'Cent Number PerC"1t Nuntier Percent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I 0 I 3.3 /) CJ D t 2 '$ ;r,; t!I )/1;3 4 ~ 7 2-. j l?t )fl,/ d J ;/ li/;f 7,1/- ~.,I. I I 2.. 3.3 3, 3 t.6 .s- ~ 'l /.>..2. ?.I 1;24,3 ,fl :2 ..2-. t?J. I/.! 1//,8' 4-- ! 7 1//.5' //,/ 11-S.-'7 'l .l I, 7"13 li? fP.t? 4 :z.. 6 12./ ,{./ IV- I I ,,2 f:'l .F.? //,8 I e, / J.? /J.t:J :j7 I 0 I 3.J /J. 0 ?3 ~ " .1- £.I ~t) ii ~ 0 ~ r?,.., /,/ /? ao I 0 I 3.7 tJ.t:J 17 /) 0 /) /J.,, ao t7. 0 a 0 tJ L?.O /?,O 10.a /J 0 t) ~t) cJ.O /J.C. b • (J ,1 0.0 t:J.O l?.O h " t? ,, /) 11.0 ,?.0 0 /) C' ,.,,.., /). 0 IJ'J. I? " " t7 /J,t} /J,,,; n, 0 (1 p &/J at? c?.o l 0 .3 /~/) 0.0 /O.t) I l!J I J,tJ t).t:J J:I) .:2. 0 ? II.% ao J/.i 4 0 ,4 1141.S' ....,,., /1/,f LJ d t? ,,. /) /2 0 ~6 ,P I) ~ ~,,., 0.0 t:?. 0 0 d /? t:J.t:. c}.t) 0.CJ L) 0 JP atJ /l/? ()./, x ,0 ( 1~7 ,.,,.., j..t.') .r ,0 ..) 1.r:.2 ,-,,0 E,). 1 " 3 IU 17, tJ /7,/, 7 0 7 ~£9 /20 ,:2.$:9 ,., l!J t? 1ao t).t) tJ.o ,.1.... I ~ £.I :1t? u ,:? I I rin 5:'l S.9 I ,, I J,7 /1 n J.7 .),/ f 136 17t?ti JM !/l)t) .£S f' JJ 75:K j.il,.2 ltJC. /IJ 7 17 fl.'/ 1/1,2.. JP/). .2.,Z. ~ :21 3'/£ /f:.5' /00. rtJe ,w,RArN1A/ ,.,,, s1~_,,,r,A/ ✓ -: AdJ,C/175 ,.,,,. ?--ue,e.. ,1/1 ,,..,~..s ..FS.EcPNP.< >J:> / F,r ,,-/t) $$Ca,vn~ //-3/,J SP-CPA/.t75 ~/-tf'tJ S$CM'0.5 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nullmer Per Cent Number Perc«it Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total ,p ~ t? tJ.O t),,:J &.t:J I 0 I 'l,3 /{I, (3 / 1 3 71 111;3 J,/,Jf I I ,:2... 7,7 77 /5:11- 9 t /'> 2-9,tJ /9,)) 1-1!.~ 4- (7 ,tf 2-'?J ,1tJ l-3'.J.3 :J 0 ~ /#.i /J.O /If;~ 41 I I Cl,/J 7.7 J,7 ,I, I ~ /7~ %,:Z. I!./ p :l ~ O.D 11.7 /£7 ,{ I /f- :)./,I, 7,/ J.8:S .:z. 1 r IS:-lf V,/ 15:5 & " ;J t).t:) /J./J ,.,.,, /} I I 17./J u t. ":? I 0 I 7./ ,.,_t:J 7./ /J " I? /.J.tJ /) /1 ~A " I I tJ.O -:f? .J.2 I) 0 t? JJ;; t?,() t?.O ;? I I t::?tJ 7/ 7.J a 0 ~ /J.0 I?.£) tJ.o I) I I an 3.~ 3,:Z. p " ,? tl.CJ t?.O ao ;? () 0 t?,/? ,.,_,., n,-, ~ ,, /) ,,_n ,::;. /1 n,t:J 1 " 1 f-7 ao 't,7 :I... 0 ..z /6.7 /J.() II.' ,:, CJ t? .,,,, ,,,,,, ao p 0 ,t? a.o /),/) 0. l) ,') 0 "I) /J.t:J /J.O /J, /) ~ CJ I? tJ,t a~ tJ.t ,:, I I /JI? 7,/ 'T, I ,:, 0 t? tJ.t) 0.0 (J /) 6 0 i /?.If t?,tJ /'/.ti / 0 I ({.j 1() 'l..3 ::) " ;z_. ltf.1 0.0 Jlf,3 4- 0 μ 3af /l 0 .?RS t> ,, t? ,?.I? /J.L) l.tlo I " I !"3 t?.P 1J d 0 tJ lao ao O.o I ,:J I 7,1 a. tJ 'l7 ,,J..-2... CJ .11 7/,/, .t..'U IJOt! 'I .3 l;l.. 75:t) ,:;...s:p ld't? '1 _j /,/ It~ J5;7 Jl)P. J7 ...r 12 16Lf 35'.S- ;J)a f;/<::',,-c..th\/175- SM!" /Tr~ 6-3tJ ;v, 'Alt.lTE'i 011£1< ~ 1M. ,n,r;,; /7, ~ ,/JAi .#tJT l'TAr;,r, ll>mber PerC01t Number PerCeot Nu- Per Cent Number Percent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total (.;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total f,;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I .:z 3 .J.I 7,/ /tJ.7 3 :i. s /tJ.~ t.9 17:J... I 0 I /,.2,j ,?.I) 1,:2;$" .1 I ? L,3 J. / I.J.4 I I ., 36 J.I, 1...1. .r J 6 /7,). 3/J ,ti.I .l ,:, 3 13'7,5 tJ.t? 17,.S- t. .2. S' II.I ,.~ 1£/ 4 4- ff' /If;? 111-,J -?f{,I, 4- 4- 8' !J'S J:J,! 1'11'7~ .2 ,:, 2 ,2.5;~ tJ.tJ .2..~ _, ..... l <J' ,,., 4,1 .ZS-:v ~ I I (),t ?.t g,, I () I 34 tJP 3.4 ,, 0 C) /){, l).tJ at- /J 0 tJ An t?.,:, M t) () t) P.tJ a" ~d § e, t? /J.tJ tM M () 0 tJ t).0 a 1/.IJ " (1 t> ,?_,, IJ. 0 tJ;; /} 0 tJ tJ.t tJ.() l.tJ t; (;1 t) (),0 tJ.tJ P.t " 0 C tJ.() 00 o.o t!) ,, /l "·" CJ.0 IJ,t} J I) I ?,J /J./) J..t I ,, I ?.If 110 :u tJ " ;J /)_() 00 JJ.O I. 0 6 Ill "·" /,1.( ..2 I .1 7,/ J,t lt?.7 L1 .0 ,t7 at 1),/) .atJ / 0 I /..2S 1# l/.:2.5 I 0 I .5./ P.t> 3./ J/) " //) 1'.0 tJ.tJ 3.5:7 7 (J 7 2LJ, /J.tJ 2JJ / 0 I /:Z.S 11./J 112.5 _r" ~ .> If.I. t:J.o IS:!, /J 0 t? /J,tJ ~o t'.O ;? J I /)/ 311- .v, ,::; (;1 t) ,J.j /J.tJ t)o ,,, I I P.o -l I '11./ /9 9 .:1.1 ,"7,9 ~, 1100. :Z...J lf !l.'i /,2.I/ l~~t 100. if 0 .i' /P/),fi ,17,t! /t'e?, ~(' 1 ;, 1.f,J 2/_tl lt't?. 231


=== Page 241 ===

,:,,=,e_ - .; ,c;,,e, A~~/) A~/JJI/ ~ .S;,u,vt,r C)R ,/;.~-~ h-/t? S,!."COA't7.S Number Per Cent Number Per Cent E¥11uabon Certain Doubtful Total Certarn Doubtful Total ert.ain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon J s t /J. fl I .c/ 2.Z 3 .If 7 2.2. JJ.9 5/ ii-Astronomical !.'fl:. /3i .J-7/r SU' $ff WI Jf-3 ;Lt /,9 5/.t /9,/ l<n.7 2-Aircrlft .20 It 36 ,;:Q 4.? ,;_ 7 /'I 13 1 ~ ///.! 9.6 '/9. 9 3-Ligl\t Phenom. 1 t) 2 a,;- /}/) ,?..e; I I 2_ tl.1 1J-1 II/ 4-Birds tJ t) I}~/} ,.,,., /J /) IJ t) 0 tJ.{) ,11) /l/J 5-Clouds, Dust, etc. / I 2. tU ;J ! /JI, IJ 0 0 l'J.c:J /)_ /, atJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. / ,2... t? /? .?,:l. /) /J ~2, 7 0 7 5/ /J.tl !; I 7-Psydloloaical 2 CJ 2... /25 atJ /JC tJ () 0 ;J /} /,}_{J tJ.iJ 8-Unknown ~3 t? 7 ~ L.2 /J/) ,: z 77 tJ 1,; /~Z /J /) /t. .t !1-0tbe< (' 3 I/ 1'.2 /) !? .f zJ .2.. t) 2. I~ tJ. tJ 1.5' Total 1,2..t),? /13 370 55:j 1#'4// /{J(}. V- .tμ; /36 I..?£. j'f'_t/ //J/J Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2·Aircraft 3-Light Phenom. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total /J,=.e .,..,, :U,r"/A/6 ,-,,,,A_ /)//R_ A-r- -/IA/ 5 )£j'/JA/£7} /J,Q / F3f ,, IL? Sr✓-'/J.un,; I Number Per Cent Number PerCeat Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total 0-Balloon iJ /J C o.o /J./} ///J ,'J t? 0 /J/1 /J./1 ,,, /J I-Astronomical 2-. -4 £ fr If.CJ ff5 CJ .2- 2 I?/) 1..-,.// /',_',, 2-Aircraft I .,- 6 4./ :'lf.f{ ti.I. d- I r :,,,q 'f.'/ ?fG 3-LightPhenom. tJ I I /liJ ,h 1/Jt C) CJ /J ,'JO /) /J /)/} 4-Birds /) t) C ,,,,., /}/) /J /} /} 0 0 t?.O 00 /J.(J 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. 0 t) 0 /}/} l{/J l'J.IJ 0 I} I) 17/J IJ t) /J.t) 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. ?_ t? 2 f,e; /'.l/J v:< I 0 I 17 0.0 1. 7 I-Psychological (1 t? tJ {l;J tJ. I} -'?/J t? (/ tJ t?.O -"ll /J. I} &-Unknown 6 t) ;; 2U, ()IJ 1ft. ., 0 {" fft; /Jt? ff£ Cj..()ther t? t? /') /J/1 tl. 0 10.0 tJ 0 ;) tl.t? 0.0 11/J Total II II) :;.J 15'"1'.f' 1/tt /(J(l. IC? 5 /3 1t 9 HI 1a:> 6/ .S1=co/l/P5- F /r111VvTE5 ,5-3/) /1/;A///TE.5 ttimbef Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Ooubtfut Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon 7 7 /,ii- /(5 If~ i?t! 6 £ /.7 /J.J /.J..J 2t..t I-Astronomical I tJ I It /J/) ;.t 2. 1 p ,/~ h·{, //. (J 2-Aircraft /? II Lr 21.f 1&:tJ 1/5:f £ i' /If /.1.J /1. f .JI.I Higt,tPhenom. 0 0 v 1M IJ.O /{CJ 3 t) 3 £ t tJ. t) ti. 4--Birds CJ 0 /; l?t? 12.t? tJCJ CJ /} 0 /J.tJ ll. (J /J. {) S-.Clouds, Oust, etc. I t? I //., tlO /.t 0 t? 0 0.0 o.o /Jtl 6-lnsuffic. mti. ~ /l 2. ?? tJ.o .?..! c2 CJ ? 1/1;' tl. t} 1,/41 I-Psychological / I ;;_ /&, /I, 12. t) t) {) t?.t? 0.0 {? /} 1-Untmown II 0 // ;go tl.0 !1i'.tl h () £ /J..f l,){J /f.3 !l-0.... .2._ tJ ,J ..1f t?t? ff 3,!) .:3 U, ao If../, i Total 1/,2... /Cf b/ 1,/l'I ff.I ;t?IJ ~f 17 4-S IL1.l ?'f.~ //}()_ 232 ,c <C/6#7'//1/6 /JA,£ /J.iJEt!.r //- Slt? JE"CtJ///t75 _j'/-CtJ Sce1J11os Number Per Cent Number Per Cent i;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ,'/- t If 2.t? 2. 9 /1,'9 'i I/ ~ 5:6 /,,.fl /2.4 ,t/-6 /S 6/ 22.~ "f 2f.7 1, ? 2.3 '1.S' 5:tJ Nl:i :Lf '2.F ,,z l.?.1 /{1 27~ :JO it ti'! /,f.t, /IZ 2?.% I I ,z_ tl.5 0.5 /.IJ tJ 0 tJ /J (J /J/J /Jt;J tJ 0 CJ 11 /J /1/1 /J /J /) L) tJ /JI} ac ,1/, /) 2 fl /),? I I) ;.t? /) /) ,t) /2tJ /J/,1_ /J,/, /~ CJ /II- 1..t /J tJ u JI? tJ /.2- 75 6_4 ~5" 3 / Jf 15 {Jg ,;l.lJ 7 t? .2, IZ t?/J /,t Lfll t? mt fl~ /) /J 215" j-; v .57 fl 1 ,a,:; .?/1 /I- 11' /'J :?.o .J'. 9 5. 9 3 2.. 5 1.9 12, ~/ /J/J.J ii 2,j5 rm2 291 la?. /:Z-.2. 39 /6'/ '/s:! 2✓ .2 /(,VJ >c S/G#7"""//Y6 -r",. ,..,,_,./£(3."TS I I .JtJ ,5 - .,, -- .7/ {',t)' "EC't?IVP.5 Nuntier Per Cent Nllmber PerCml Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total .£ // £ 1..9 /_?.f ttJ.7 tJ t? ,t) /JI t?.L {)J,, 0 /) {) /JtJ tJ.O O.tJ tJ I I tJ.C !/./ JI. '7 s- I.' 2,/1 11.t -f''!.J I ...3 /I- //. I 33'1 JI!/;!, tJ C) ~ /J./J 110 1/4'0 tJ I I o.o II. I I I. I CJ tJ /) /}/J /}/] t).O tJ 0 ,:J 0.0 {.,;{) O.tJ f) I) ~ /}/) t?.0 {J. IJ /) 0 0 ().1 r:u; /1./) ~ t? ,Z ;,_(} /l,., /4. 9 I t? I I/, I /J.() //,/ ,fl t? ;2.... 1..9 0.(} &.f 0 t? ,t) IJ.0 ~/, 0.1 s ~ s rt_t .. /JO 11.2. ..:L.. ~ ;2.... ,t,ll ar, 27 I I ,:L .vi f.L/ ?. i I} // t? tJ.t tJ.t /J./, 19 I/J .2...'l ?5. 6 .J/5' /()CJ. /I-- .F f 1/4.4 5"5:S /t)t?. t?v~R 3t? M,,y,;;rer 01./oAT/tPAI #tl.r cJ77fT.£7J Number Percent Number Percent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 3 I q l.>.tJ .0 7/Jj ,If ::1 ? 5'",1.. q_ 9 9. I J 0 I l;() tJ.O S:() / ,q r 1. f' J'.9 //.? /,L ,t It? :2.PO .3tJ.0 ~()./, /? ~ /7 It '1 S..2.., :ZJ..J 0 t) 0 rJ.O t?.P tJ.O I t? I / .J /} /} I.J ;; ,t) I) IJ.t ti) ~() /) 0 0 ,1/J JJ/1 0./J t) I I ao s:c. S:t? I tJ I /..f 12~ I g ? /J 7 !U t./1 //).t, 7 0 7 9./ CJ.a 11 I/ I/ t? t1.{, ~I, o.i I, I) tJ /J.IJ /,i_tJ /J. () I I) I .f':t? /J.I) £() ?f -~ :tt .'L,.,I t?.t? fl.JI I t? I §.t) P.P J, t) s ? 7 /,,,5 2.t 9. I l.2- ;? 1../J bl./J ¢,t wa 6S /2_ /'} ll?'L.( ~ 15":t /(}~ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 242 ===

I I I I I I I I I I .1 I I I I I I I I I I I I i V/QLE ,£:lt21 E///11,UA'f/.tlttl pr /?ti- .S(6lfT//VGs E??-< AU- Ve,1.1!5 di( tfl/lH-6'E.e c?r ?1A'✓4i'/!rf lE" I U'Y'//11' r ✓ a ~ S/6# 1/. 1, EE cJ ;e; E :s ,~ .<', ~ e/?d. ,,,,,,~. ,o,el ?? ,,. '/VG '11'£ rt. -r. al ,.,.., ,. "t!-r. -5"'SECO#O.S 01> USS £-/,:) .5' .EC",VPS //-)'/) S ,f.Cl)~m .3/-/t? )J;Ct)/1117(" Number Per Cent Number Percent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0-S.lloon [, 2 L /)./,) I. I I../ 0 0 () ii},,? /J./J /J,O t ~ ..2 tJtJ 11 ?:1 C. t) t) /J,O ~/J Cl.Cl I-Astronomical 3 t? 3 ?. I IJ.CJ 9./ I () I ,,__,; /4(7 t..1 () I I /J/J .7.k .J.t I, I I /J./7 ,;-9 5:, 2-Aircraft £ JI /tJ 1~1. 1.2. I i'/J3 5' t' 5 J'J'.1 tJ.CI .f?.3 It? 3 13 H5 11.5 15'ao 7 I 1 47- .t .,.9 ¢7-1 3-liiht Phenom. 0 I I t?tJ _f'IJ Jt) tJ 3 .3 I ti.a 1U). tJ :k).C, 0 I I tJ.o t.£ 3.& tJ / I t.J.t:J s.9 5.9 4·Birds 7 .ti 6 /../ 12./ l.t:2. ;; I I /J" /..'1 tJ..1 / t) I .U /J/J ~-! / / .:? ,,.,, 59 //. f S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ t /) () /J.O tJ.tl Cl. t:l 0 0 t) 120 /,J_,:l tJ.,:; ~ t> ~ /JtJ /J.t? I/J./J /) /) t:? /J.,:J /J. tJ at:? 6-lnsuHic. lnrti. 2 /) ~ 1../ tUJ 1../ I 0 I t. -f ?7.o ;,,7 0 0 l) O.t) t:J.I) 11?.tJ t? 0 t} atJ l'?/J OIJ 7-Psydlolo1ical I} 0 t? f1/J 0.0 17. tJ t, 0 {) tJ.r? /J. t} tJ.tJ t) I I ,?/J .J.f f.,f /) t) tJ eJ_,:J /J /J t!ltJ &-UniuN>lffl 7 () 7121.2 tJ.O 211. If t) );- 141.,i tJ.tJ 1,.1 7 t? 7 ?L..9 t1/J :2..? ., r) s 194' at? 29.4' 9-Qthe, ? 0 2. /..; 12 0 I../ 0 !) (} 1ic. /J,/J /J.CI () 0 tJ /],., ,1;? /?.l:J I) t? ,::;; IJ.0 t'?.tl (1.,:J Total 2-2 II '3J U.1 f?_J' /Pt?. I/ .If IF '1.1.! /Jl..1 /&12 If 1 /Lo //U .tas l,1111 13 II 17 11¼5' U.£ /t?t>. 6/ 1 EC"Moc - f /1,f/A✓nr E<: 6 3,:7 ,7 {} i/.&".0 2 tJ M,Amr£, 011>i'dr//J,'/ A/Ar S7,A7Tn "'~ Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total II-Balloon I 3 /f I.~ ,It /. q .) 3 6 «1 /,lg lit 6 !) 6 /2.1 ,1t) lt.f s t) .J 5.5 t?.t? 5.J' 1-Astsonomical t) '7 .2- O.o ?.? .?2. ? 0 0 /J_O /J.CI ,,_,,, 2. _5- 7 .t/.g ,/J_t, //If I 3 Jf /./ ?. .2, 4:3' 2·Aircraft /:2.. Jo .2.2. IU II.. I p;_,; '{ /S' ?:? li.9 2,/.J, .11.I I I 'l_ ~-1 ~-1 4,2, I ff 4- ?2. 1:1_t; ,( z. :U./ J.liiht Phenom. I ? 3 II. .:t.J, .t/.f .2 2 /f- .?2, ft t,..1,1 /) /J I} IJ I) 120 /J.O / t/ I /./ t?. t) /.I 4-Birds 0 I} 0 /) /) /J,d ~I? 0 I I /J.17 I.I, 1.t, /J 0 0 /JtJ t?/J tJ. t) ? / 3 2./ /.I .i'. 2. S-C1ouds, Dus~ etc. t} t? /') 12/J J?.a /J '" {) t) t') 17,I!) /] /) t).t) 6 !) 0 ,2/J /} I) l!J./J 0 tJ ~ /J/J /) /J /J CJ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7 t? 7 1/.J ,0./J Ill. {( /Cl (J /IJ 11..I /J.d /1..I 2 /J 2.. ¢. 2. ;J.{) z/2, .M t? ~ 2(./ /.l,O .2/.I I-Psychological £1 I I CUJ l.t, /,t, 0 0 0 /J.IJ ,7_ IJ /) CJ !) I I ,J,? ?./ .2.I I / )._ /. I I.I :Z.2. 8-UnknOMI ,t../ 0 12--/ .lf.9 11.0 1.5.! q /5" 0 IS- 14..t tJ./J ?</t, 1. p 2..~ 55'.t a CJ 5.?.t. VI /J :IJ_/, 25"..! ;Jo ?5.J' 9-0ther _7 0 "7 ?.2. /J,/J 12- I 2. 3 /,/4 I,?. dR iL ~ J.1-, g:5 !?CJ i'.5 /ti- t) /If- /.11.'f O.CJ IN'.7 Total 1#1- /( 6'2 111.t' 1'1.p '11111. ,3'/ .2-3 l".2. ~j_j _ff-f/ ltJt? I,//,? 7 II-? %'5: I ;./t; /tJO. 15 .f 9 f.r (?,1,:' ~5 IPtl. 7711/t.E E)(AU?fOt2111 ?Pr ,£LL S"/MZ:uVGS: E<M ALL {/EA£S dV A/t/MA'U ,?,,: afJE<?rs' ~~ ft' ?'lb(. ,C/'),1 tJ.C .'>/6 H ,-,,,,G EL..E '£IP ,,,, M/JPE /1d/Eers ~ 5ECLW£'< t?R L£".H o~-/,:;? )~ L:'✓ tJ/ll'P< //-3£1 '-- J!:C ,i;11 /?, /h(/J "n, ~ Al/7,S Number Per Cent Number • Percent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total II-Balloon tJ 0 ,0 .C.t ti tJ.O I/ / I tJ.L 3J.~ J'..13 {) t? 0 ;?tJ /?11 1)£ /, ~ {) ,j,/, tJ.O fl.t, !•Astronomical t? I I di? IM /CJ,/., I) ;J t> b,I /)/. ao ,!} I I C.11 33.3 33,3 0 /J {) tM tJ.t) t?v 2-Aircraft I .7 f /Pv 'Mt) J;J.t I IJ I l33,3 t}.O 33,3 C) 0 t? 1).0 0/J t).C, I tJ I /.,U /1.{I 1,2,5 3-Li!lhlPh.-.m. t) £1 !) /)() /).0 !111 C t) t) /J.0 ~C, t?.t tJ 0 IJ t?.() (),tJ IJ.O ,1 I) {) M atJ tJ.tJ. 4-Birds CJ IJ /} ft t?t) (}.t I t) I 1~3 0,[, 33. 0 I I 0.0 3'33 33.3 LI-- t:) /f- QJ,;) /J,/) ~NJ 5-Clouds., Dust, etc. t) C? 0 l).i (?_() ()(, v ,:;? t) /)(. t}.I) t!t) .c 0 !) IJ,/, tJ.11 tJ.O (/ C? 0 /), t ;J.j t?.£ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. :? 0 3 30. t 0.C 3tJ.() ? ,!} 0 tJ.O /JO 11, v 0 t) ;J./, Jt) 0.t tJ tJ 0 ()_ I JJ() /),j I-Psychological C? .c tJ o.t /J.() t}.t t) t) IJ c),/) (Ji (),11 {} I I IJ.() JJ.~ 33,; t) tJ t) {?/) I)/) ,1.1., a.unknown 3 0 , ?11.t IJ.P 1/1.t tJ t) 0 (){) ~/1 IJ.(, () t7 0 0,0 O.D a() J' tJ 3 31,J' ao 575 9-0ther tJ tJ /) C,t a;; ;Jt, tJ v ~ ar: tJt 11.t) I) tJ t) ac- O./J 0.0 I') tJ 0 at1 I{/', tJ.;j Total 7 1 /{) 'lrJ.11 3t)t} ltJf.l. -; I 3' 6t.7 3.?.3 Wt?. 0 5 3 tJ.o IM/J /tJtJ. 1 0 ,( 1/t!t:?t ti. ;J /.?'A I.I 5..:-,~•-A< !>'"" A•t/res ;,,. go fa ;ll)vrc- s /J11J;R 5'CI M111111res l),1,e11ntJIII 11/tJr S:r/17ep Number PerCmt Number Percent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ~•rtain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota 0-S.lloon CJ 0 C tJ.t /t t111 I t? I /,ZS j},tJ 1.23 ;; () t) t?o l-0 /.tJ u t) t) ,?/) ,?_ /) /}JJ I-Astronomical t, I I !?.£ tl/ cl,/ 0 I I iJ tJ. /,2,, ·;;,__,r h t) 6 IJAI) M 2.,1/, I 0 I .t/5 /J/J ✓ .:- 2-Aircraft C, 2.. ,:2._ tJ. () 1(.2 l/f....t. tJ ,!} ~ M /},{, tJ.t ;; I I ~/, 3,3 J,J ;J I I /J /I LI,< 4.-,:; 3-Light Phenom. () /) 0 tu t)./, /1./. ~ (/ ? I.U.Z ;J,() '1.,a I IJ I 3.3 a, 3,3 t? 0 t) IJ.tJ o.a /)/) 4•Birds I 0 I "I.I tJ,/. <?. /? 0 0 11.t 11, (),1 I) ;J ~ ~11 At tJ.11 /) 0 t) /)/1 /J /) ,'l/? ~Clouds, Dust. etc. /) C' (} ti,/) tJ /, /}.t ~ /,) 0 /JI. at tJtJ ;J /,) 0 M cw tf.11. t /} t) /);J /J.£1 12/J &-lnsuffic.tnro. 0 r' 0 t) l tJ.;, 11.t'. I tJ I 11.2, tJ.rJ /;z_, /? tJ (} /J.t t)j t)./) 7 ,::? / 11.t /J..-i .?Ix 7-Psycnolocicat () I} 0 ().1, ().11 I)_() ;; t? /J tJ.(, /JI. tJ.t I 0 I :J.3 tJI) 33 ;t t} ~7 lj_/ 00 f./ I-Unknown # 0 ~ Ult tJ.() 3t:J 3 0 ..:f g'l,.[ '2P '17,5 ., I) ;? 21! ff.7 tJ,/) ttf. f /,J ' .l,l'tJ 9 /J.O ./4.9 t.Olher ? /) ? 2?,~ IJIJ 77.< ;? 0 0 "-(, /?I) N; 0 I I to 3-i 3 f' I/ '. I?. I ~t? 4./ Total '(; 1 I/ ,'7?" 1-? '7, 3 )/?~ 7 I 9' f/7,.5 as 11a 2.% ? J6 9.,?,.3 ;;','} /?'C,) l---1 I ,2_-7 'f:5'.5' ,:/5 /Ciel. 233


=== Page 243 ===

Number Per Cent EnluatiGo Doubtful Tolal CertJin Doul>llul Total 0-Ballaon l•Astrono■ ical 2•Aimaft 3-Li&f,tPh010m. 4-Birds ~Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffi~ Info. 7-Psycllolo&ical 9-0lher Total ~/ .>E•"1,</-"'S f; M /A,,,rc. /4-P/J /1?/A/vTES Number Per Cent Number P,rCmt Evaluation Certain OoUbtful Tolal Certain lloul>tfu I Tobi Certain 0o...... , Total Certain Ooubllul Total 0-Ballaon ~ I} ? fl, '?,., j'j'f tJ I I /1/J ff.J' .fJ'..5 l•Asbolllllical /I /} 0 lot? t? /} /] /, tJ tJ 0 /J /J 0./1 lat1 2-Airmft ? tJ ? J'.J'.S /J, /I J'!..f tJ tJ /J ,?,tJ o.o tJ. (1 l-Li&lltl'll0100. I 0 I /~1 /1,1 /~.1 I Cl I 117,t) SJ'.f J'.D 4-Birds /J /} 0 J!J./) /JO t1,t1 /J /J I) /4/, L1. /J tJ.t? 5-Clouds_ Dust. etc. I} 0 0 17, /J /1/l 17,/J /J tJ t) tJ.o /.J.t) tJ.,:7 6-lnsuHic. lnfa. I t) I 16,1 /J.O vt1 0 Cl t) (J.(? /J. t) tJ.tJ I-Psychological /} /J /J /J.IJ /),., ao t) 0 (? lt7.o ,/1_/, c?.12 lrUnknown /J t) t) /J./) ,.,,., /1,r? I t) I lff.~ t?,/J 1,,.3 9-0ther /} /J /J tJ.t) /) /J ao tJ Cl 0 tJ.,, /7./J 117 /J I Tot~ I,, t) /.. 1/~1 /J.O l/nn ~ I J l61C., n,.5 /Pa 234 t?.v.e-.e J"O M//1;;,TGS - P,r Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ;:J t.J t1 ti.Cl tJ.tJ /J./. I /J / J(.f /J /2 f.f 11 /J tJ tJ.tJ tJ./J /J.(1 Cl Cl 0 t?tl (J.(l .tJ.() .f /J /' I?.£,: /J.,? 1?5.p Cl /J 0 tl.tJ 0./J tJ. (1 5'. /J ~ /6.J l}.t) /6,J /J 0 0 Lao tJ.tJ (J.p 5 /J t, 1~7 tl.t) 1¥'/.7 / /) I J(f tJ.t? f..f ,? CJ ;?, 1,,..,, I /J, /} llt?ti. £lv.e'9r/c?/I/ A/tJr SrAreLJ Nuober PerCmt Certain lloubtfu Total r.ertain Dmlmul Total I tJ I 2.1 tJ.tJ ,2.7 // I 1.t. l?a_7 ,t.1 f-1.4 I J .p' ?."?' '7,/ /tJ,R {) / I /J,{) ?.1 ?,7 2, 0 2, 5.4 tl.17 .,."¢ I 0 I '7. 7 /7,/J .£. ?' K CJ ff ?~/., /7.t) tl/.t Cl I I /J/J ,,_,, 'J ~ t. 0 ? l,.1..,.z, /7,t) 1/6.? I t1 I 2.1 /J.Cl .t. ~ JI 6 .5'7 f?U /t.z /(1(?, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 244 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation ,0-Balloon l·Astionomical 2-Ai,craft 3-Lighl Ph010m. 4·Birds 6-lnsuffi~ ~~- 7-Psydlolo~cal 9-0ther Tohl Evaluation 0-Batloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircrafl 3-LightPh010m. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unkno'MI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LighlPhOIOm. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. 6-lnsutfic.lnfo, 7-Psycholo~cal 8-Unkno'"1 9-0ther Total Evaluation ().Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LightPhn>m. 4-Birds :;.Clouds, Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuffic.tiil. 7-Psydlo~&ic:at a.~... 9-01111, Total '6/ 5'£M//I.C{ - ,;-- ""'M"~es Number Per Cent Certain DOlrbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /.J.6 '30 7t /5.t. 1/J:f, :!5.t 7 ) tJ 11 2.7 f.~ /...J 3;; 3J £q 12.2, /(2- 1.'-4 .r ;z__ 7 /.,, tJ.7 2. ✓ tJ ;J 0 17.tJ JJ, tJ ,?.I? ;) .3 3 t).t) ;.tJ /, CJ 7-/ t} ,2./ -I. I /}.,'J 'I I ,If .2. t l.rl IJ.7 :t..l ff.2 0 ~7 119 t?.t? :1'/9 CJ f /J.. 11 ;tJ 4. I )-// u 7'7U 17;.f n:t- !v't' ,;- S'£t!l"/1,'/J< ,,~ ,!.$55 Number Per Cent Certain DOlrbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total j 0 t? ~/, l.tJ t),j I #- s- £2 '25,r; '11,2 I 3 JI- c, Ii',% 2,;t, C, I I l),t, t,2 t.2 {) 0 t) 0.0 tJ.tJ at) [j C, 0/J.O /J.I) PO .2. 0 '7 I.JS M J,2,5 I) 0 t) tJ,() ~o ;J.() If {) If- 7.,~ 1..1 1..SJ f) t) 0 l.t- /.0 J,p g 'ii' It 'm; 5-;,I) ltlt), /../ 56-!"A,,,,5- ,:- .w,A,,,TEJ Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total {, 7 /3 11.Z 1177 l2s.s t, C () t),(J 11,t) tJ./} /3 II "l LL 1,t: 1'1 I,,( W-7,J () 0 0 t)_/) ~(} P.t () D 0 O.P t).{) /)/, /J f, 0 fl.O /).0 M .2. 0 :2. 3.q f?.t) 3.' I I 2.. ?O '71) .4-0 ~ t} I S':7 /J,tJ JS°) ~ 0 '} 'H o.~ :;,; 3.2- I 'I n f::J,/.1 37,j //JI} ,: -.f'O > ,111,,~£s Number Per Cent Certain Ooubtfirl Total Certain Doubtful _;-7 ?7 '/II If}, //,9 '3j // lf3 /43 J,S 2-6 2-7 .r:1 8.~ VI 7 .II- II .2-! /,3 ;J t} 0 /1/1 J?/1 I I 7 (1, 3 tJ,J 71 t? 2-:? 7.Jf IP.CJ 'I t} 'l 2'1 /J/1 ti t? ,f/ l/9.; /J.JJ I/ If- IS- .7.J /,3 J.$1 !If 31/ 73.j .27.o 6 L-//1 /;;(!,:7/1/#f Number Per Cent Certain Oormthrl Total Certain Doubtful 0 0 0 P.t /)/) ? 2 2_ tJ.() lb.? .:; I 4- 2£/, l-5 ;J t} I) ~ l?t C, D 0 I.I t',!, t} [) tJ ti at I 0 I r,~ t'-0 {, tJ t) ~.t, t),P s 0 s Ill.? P,() (/' !) () t'() tJ.(, "I q /.2.. 7£"1) ,2S,0 /4 -.ft7 A ''JVVTG°5 Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful f ,If /t? l,41. 9..1 2. 3 s .4.~ 7IJ 6 ff /LJ.. /Ir,£ I/K',£ 3 t) 3 7.t? t'. t} ;;, 0 0 i?,(i /,t) t, 0 0 (), t o.v 2._ 0 7 ~7 /,)/) tJ 0 t) O,t tJ.0 i C> ,{, ///;i? ~L 3 [) 3 7,1) 11 2$ /_j IJ/3 lh.t;; I '3/1;9 235 /,JJ,',P,e J't? MIII/P7°e5 n,,., 14 .,-,,,,111 A,,,r < rAT,1;LJ Nuntier Per Cent Number PerCmt Total certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total JI.A. 1_? I/ 3! :ti./., (7 I :JP, I ,L/-,Z :;_3 ,{'S- 1.8' /1:1 13.6 /J.! 71 // 3? ?.O.t. '1.7 7'13 '{ti S-.f 1..77 ; 7.1, //,5 H./ )l.3 ? ,< /3 ~L .1/r'i )t',£; U;.; :Z.6 7/) q7 S:s- N,7 3,/, t) '2 ,z_ tJ.~ /.£ u 1 I 1/- ()./ a.J t?4 /J /J tJ C/ ~ tJ.() tJ.o ,a;, I I .L 42 t),1 ~4 t?.t I £) I ~g M tU I t) I P,2 ~o ,?, 7 J,~ t f) £ j/,y t;/,0 jf.f '1~ t} f,:;} /'1,7 tP.O F,(.7 2.' jj. ?I 4 "" NJ .12 s t) J /,0 0,/) /,u l'U /fl f) /'I Vs.-; ti.I) IS:/ 79 ~ 7? /t,(,, f//l 1 6.?, JI:? 1/.. .2.. b J:)_ /,t ,tt.<J /'1 3 12 J,t.;J t?.6 LtL /i?t), 71/' 32- I# '7#.6 l2s.1, MtJ, .--J6'/f /jC/ Jt?J 77./ M_ 9' h1"! Z" --- G J£e //-.?,:J /e,../JA✓ /15 ?/-,{,,:J s-eeo,.,, ,::,.5 Nuntler Per Cent Number Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total IJ.£ I 3' ,Lf l/..7 /2~ l/£7 0 t) t) ~L 0.t ao lt.7 t) 0 I) P.O O.u ~CJ C, J I 1() Ill //.I 19.J,J I, s- !/ I JS:/ ,:2(},S Ii.ts.-~ I .3 d- //,/ 33,J /111-.if ~J y 0 0 (}J tJ.O t),, fl I I M //,/ //,/ r:J.() {) 0 0 0.0 (),t ~{) tJ () tJ a1J l).O M /J.1 v t? C ,1,P i?.O 0,0 I) /) v !},t) l).t} /J,C) '!.3 2.. t} .2.. p /),I) q, 'l I /J I 11,1 IJ.O Ill./ M .2.. tJ :z._ 1.3 ae, !.3 t? t/ 0 tJI) ao ;J,() 1/f.7 3 t? 3 ;:;,s j/) 12,; .t. 0 ~- ,z;,;. 0,/) 122,.2. t),0 I I 2.. th /f,2 "I.If (} tJ 0 M t?.0 iJ.() li?R, IS 9 M [:7-j :37,5 Im 4 F r 1#1:P sr:, I/Pt', 11,,,::,e .?/1 AA ·A1//7"(£S /11,A.A-,..-. ,,,.,.,- _t"rAr,e,() Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 2~.-; 3 I ,4- .23.I 7.7 :Jt?.f, 3 ,,2... J £./J /f,ti /tit) l/1.~ I t) I 7.7 0,0 ?:? 3 ;L .5 i.P lf,p lt)./J 3.2A 2' 3 j- /5':,lf- '7-::/,J 13&.) /t} £./_. /#- #tJ %.t? 12(.() '71 C, t} 0 t?.O Cl,!) At I £) I lLO t?,p ..t..P ru {,, 0 o P,u {),() t),t, iJ I) t} I() tJrJ /1.,j r11 0 {/ 0 tJ,t) CJ.{) t/P 0 tJ 0 O,ti /).0 ~p 1L ,2. 0 ;) /.>.If I,() IY,11- 7 0 7 /1/-,L 0,() /11,t) /),L t) 0 {., IM [),t? ,M t) 0 t) ~() ().() t?,I) ld/J / 0 I 7.7 IJ,/) 7,'I /;2- £1 /.7 VI;/, 0.() 11JJ,(J '7/. I, C, /J t).I t).() ,:/1.t) II :z. t: ,;',t) /./;/J /)../) /PP y 4- 13 67"..Z 3v.;r 1:11?. ,If-(/ /~ 'SlJ '!P.J 17-tJ.P ///).


=== Page 245 ===

J!?e',t!, ."5""°/6.U-r- ✓Au~ ~ c-.n,e - 5' Sf=,./OAN. 17RLe,s 11. /Cl !,t;,-/1A, ✓7$ Number Pei Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain DoubU,I Total 0-Balloon t) ,2_ :z_ N) 7,/ 7,/ 0 t? t? J)J M tl.O J-Astmnomical ~ t? 3 Vti7 M /&,? 0 t) 0 t1.J PO tJ.t 2-Aircraft J .)... 7 /1,'1 'J./ ,tr.I) 3 ~ 3 .JO,/) /J,t} 13?' I Hightl'tlenom. 0 I I tl.t) u 3,/, ~ .2.. ,,2.. lt 'M.P ?JJ, 4-Birds i If t 7./ llh3 214 p I I /l./J IN II-, 5-Clouds. Oust. etc. CJ 0 tJ tJ.O I?. CJ ao 0 /) 0 j_J) t.J, JJ.1 S.lnsuffic. ~to. 2__ t? 7. ZI a~ 71 I 0 I /I,!, j,, /t}-1, 7-Psydlolo~cal 0 /'} {) PO N) tJ,() I, {) ;J ll,t t?i, t?.t 8-Unlrnolol F 0 s IP.9 tJ.O /7,< 3 t? 3 :JtJ.R 0,£, ~/) ~Iller 2.. /J 7 7/ /J.IJ 7.1 [, t) I) ~t /?.P v',1,, Total If 9 /l.9 l.(7,7 J.z. ,M 7 3 it? '711t 31',J) I/tit?. /4/ S't;t'OA/IJS - 4 M1111vre5 11, -.?tJ M//VVr,J~.5 Numbe, Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobt~I Total 0-Balloon I 3 ~ '7? 6,'i 1.9 3 3 6 S:11 f:II Vt'-!T !-Astronomical ? .2- 2 0./', ~~ /f.4 CJ t) 0 //./) /J.J M 2--Airtraft ~ 'l /.ij- /3,J /7,'/ :JI,/ ~ '1 17 /Id /6,/ 31,4 HightPtrenom. I ,:L .3 I/') Jf,lf 6./, .2. 2 ,f :u 3,i 7,,7 I-Birds t) £i // tJ,O O.o t?I) I) I I ~/) /. ( /,? 5-Clouds, Oust, etc. /,, t? t? rJ.O M t?.o C, 0 0 ,P,t) tl.lJ tJ.ll 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. b t) 6 VJ. t?.O IL //) 0 /t? /7,9 /J,() 1~9 7-Psytll>logical t) I I /J,/) .2.2. .:Z.2 tJ {) 0 ~I) /?,/) l),t &-Unknown lt.f 0 /4 J;,/ tJ.{, JI,/ IF 0 /5 ~_Lj /l,() Ul' 9-0ther I £) I .1.,;z.. t?,f) :L,:Z I .z_ .3 M .J, /.. .£11 Tot~ .J-'! /£ t/.f" £.11,11 JS:6 la/ .Jo/ /7 ~6 IU//, 3/l.4 /(JO. 17£.e ,c,;::u77,,.,~ ,,.,,.,, - < <Ec!t?/lltJJ /),t) L&ss /,. -/tJ <e •/JA,p..{ Number Per Cont Nunter PerCmt Evaluation Certain OOUbll,I Total Certain DoubU, I Total Certain DoubU,I Total Certin Ooobll,I Total 0-Balloon t, 0 0 t/1, (),() ao t? t) ?I t?,t, I.P t?t l•Astmnomical c- I I ao 1M //),0 u I I r).() .51)/7 S-tl.t 2aA.ircraft I ,,1.. 3 /(7,/) 71)_/) 3/).IJ C, t) t? at tJ.o tJ.O 3-Light Phenoa. I, /) 0 tJ.O jl,t) P-0 I 0 I 5';, () /).{) ~/) 4-Birds C, I':, 0 /Jt a;; /)./) 0 tl ,() /),1 ao 00 5-Cloud~ Dust, de. 0 C 0 ()I N /JJ, t) 0 ,t? /}) O.P (I/) 6-lnsuffic.~ID. 3 t:) ? .&),I) t?.o 3t).1 /, t) CJ tJ,p IJ,C a~ 7•Psycholo&ical 0 0 C tJ,/) ao tJ.1 /) 0 Cl ~L i!l) t?.O 8-Unllno• 3 0 3 .30.t t?.t 3()0 /J t) . {) tJ.t ;Jj dO 9-0ther () 0 0 OJ. tJ.t p~ 0 /) t) IJ.1 t1.I. (It) Total 7 3 /Cl ?'t,() J'P.() IN. J I .2 Sh) 0,tJ I/tit! i./ <Et>/Jtf ✓PJ - 5 ✓-?,/llv-rtf> 6-2tJ M/NvTE$ - PerCmt Nratrer Per Cent Evaluation Certain DoubU,1 Total Certain Doubll,I Total Certain Ooublfut Total Certain Doubtful Tolll 0-Balloon 0 t? t' /!/) t),t do I ~ I 1/,.2.f tJ.P /,2..f l-Astrono11ical 0 I I /J.0 //7.t //).I) CJ I I ~ () 17 t; J,Zt; 2-Aircrlfl C '7 .J-- tJ.O 'LJ.0 VJ.I, t £i t) tJ.tJ t?.IJ It Hight I'll-. p t> !) t7,i tJ.I) t?.t 2 tJ .2- I.to tU, 2,("~ 4-Birds I ,J) I //).1, /).0 1ao 0 ,:J t:) O.t v,1j l/J 5-CIOllds,llus~otc. .c t) 0 ti ao ;J.(, 0 t) ,-? t?.t t?.IJ tJ.I) 6-lmtli, lllo. I) 0 0 1/l at ;J.1 I tJ I !]t; M 112-.> 7•Psydloloaical () t? 0 ao tJ.O dt /) CJ t? .-7,() (}.() tJ.t 8,- ? ,:J 3 ~I) (),I) ?tJ.0 J t? 3 q7,5 O.t 3Z5 - 3 ,?) .3 3t!P tJ.t? 3(),/) I) t? t} tit tU, I?~ Total 7 ~ IC 17/.P 3/),() /a/ 7 I 8' t'7..{ /,2,,f ltJt?. 236 ,-,c S/6~,,..,A 6 -r. ,.eee ,,.,,, -r,e,v ,,,,.,✓~rs //- ?/1 - - - ?/-L./1 5£ZtJA ✓ Pf Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubll,I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubll,I Total f) I I M .4;-$ 4,-~ tJ tJ /} tUJ It //.C t, I I /),I, 11,1 /f.'l ~ I I P-0 {7 6.7 1 3 II 3'1./ /1/, 3 lfza 6 I 7 1JJl1{) t,7 II/,( 7 t:, t> t? t).0 /)/) 17,() CJ I / ~6 £7 0 I t? I JI. 9 tJ.O 11:f I I ,L t,7 6,7 !Vf ~ tJ £) tJ.t) I,() I.IJ 0 /,) t? ~/) M /),() {, /} 0 j{) ~t /?/) t? 0 tl M tJ,() tM () 0 t? t2{) /i,/) t7.ll f) r) t:) tJ,J) ,fl./) 0,/) 7 t? 7 133.J ~() 33,3 //- p //- 'JA.7 t?,t} I.U' f) j 0 /)J) (}.O /),() ~ t) I) /l,/) tJ.O /},I) 1£ s .;.; 1,/',{.t .ZJ-7 1/,». II # JS- 71.3 U? lt?o. /J,,,,e ''tJ #tlVVT£$ /Jv.RA17,,:J/r/ 4/tJt' S-rArep Nunter Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain DoubU,I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain DoubU, Total Certain Doubtful Total s t7 3 //,') ~t /1.7 5 CJ , ~.2 t).f, £;;... .2. s 7 i.7 11.7 '13./i I .3 3 M :/'I .!IJ I CJ I g,J tJ,O ]3 17 //- :i-1 '.2.J,:l. C/1 12,: J 0 0 t) ao to tJ,t) I I) I /,2 1),/) J,2 {/ 0 t) tJ./) t20 /!() I I 2. l,,Z. ;,;z... 7.JJ. {) {) 0 0.1 0.() /JI) C t) t) If./) t?,IJ l,i,O I (J I 3..:: t),t, 33 /9 C /9 LU M ?.'ii tJ I I ~/) 'f,3 3,3 I I ,2. /.J, /,)_ .2.IJ 12 0 /!'L ~/) tJ,() #di) ;r CJ If 17,,; M I '2!.1 ~ .J tJ 3 II{/) t?t? /h'J 9 /) q //.'). M //,Z 2..J,j. h 3CJ 'I/?!) :Mt? /~ 71 9 ft? SB.E //,;).. '/0/), r?& <,;::,, r/,A/ C c, _,, A/ OA' ,,,,,,,= ,.,,, icer< //- ?,7 5'e~Clll/Pf f/-£./1 <ci!OA/tJJ Nuriler Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubll,I Total Certain Doubtt,I Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubll,I Total 0 tJ 0 /JP t1t {20 tJ tJ 0 tJ.O /J./) /?.t) t, I I tJb 33.3 ~3 t, tJ 0 tJ.tJ tJ,t) tJO /,, /') 0 /J, ;J,I) 0,() /,) I /lf,3 ().!) /JI;~ 0 D 0 t1l t?.O ().() j, t? f) jC) ,1,1) {),/} 0 I I at 37-3 33.J ,; t? .=J li/.?,9 /J.t) /12., I, f) t? l)r, I,() /J.t () 0 0 at /J./) hJ 0 0 r) /JfJ ao t1.0 /, I) t7 ;J.p ltJ /?O 0 I I IJ.O -fi.~ 3.3.3 t 0 tl ao t7. L N, r; IJ 0 !JO 0.0 a1; 3 CJ 3 ~9 t1.t f.l,Z? tJ t? /'} o,r, /JtJ /7/"; /2 0 f) {),() tJ,() O.JJ /J .3 3 0,D //)0./) IM. 7 tJ 7 //)1).0 I). /J //JO, /J,,,,e ?. M/IVViE, /7,M,.r/,,:Jtl/ ,,Pr S-r,;,4&,, Number Percent N•- Per Cent ...,.;n Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cer1ain Doubtful Total u t? f) 4t ;J.j tJL, tJ t? I) /J.() ~o ,1/J 3 t? .=? /,S,{/ t?.tJ /Si I I? I 5:.' /l.t 5:3 I) I I ,:2() r./J s;t, I? I I ,n 5:.'? l'I' I ?J I ,:o rJ.tJ o,() t? 0 I) t). () t),t) P-0 I/ CJ f) /J.t) ,;?,t; t10 0 tl t} Ci(J ().tJ at, () C t) tJ.tJ ao M tJ ~ 0 12P !).t /./) 0 t? 0 tJ.IJ tJ.o tP.i 6 Cl t ,1,6 ,J,t) ?1,6 I t? I ,0 NJ .~I "J CJ .z. lt?.5" ,1.0 /,1,5 /3 t? 13 l.f:I? /,() ff,p 7 £? 7 31.'D ~d ?1.3 CJ I I tJ,t;! r,~ ,,-t, '2 t? :z, /M' !?I. /P,S /( ~ :zo IVP ltJ.v' lv't1 /8' I /'I 9'4,' £3 /PP. I I ·1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 246 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1M4if /Ital lf&L.llllVCW (2F //A/if (/Gftr/A/6 S: ,€,U ,UL. t/E,,UU &( All/HM# ,Z.P (?AJ4f4TS .,..., ... , s , .,.,.,. ...,,JAA,r/,,.. /;& - , ,,_ A,G A///ud •p ,:?F .,,,, =A-. .,,,,_. <rA, iJ .< ~c&J/1//Js- ,,A Leu L.-/LJ S'el""'"'"' //-.?/1 ,',;~~A/'1( ff;. //./7 5".r:t!,:J/Vt:JS" lllmbef P!fC01t Nunter Per COil Number Per Cent Number P!fC01t Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Olllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ ~Balloon tl t) /,l pl) /lp It I /) I SM tJ,() ,Ft?. I} 0 0 t.t /J.O tl.O 1-Astianoraical ? t) y 16.? P,/? HJ // I') 0 /).C, C),{) (/./, C- 0 0 /).0 /)./, J.i 2•Aircrlft () I I tJ.t 3.?.3 D.3 I I 0 I S-1.0 tP.tl .Fl,/J t? 0 t) P,0 /).t t.{) Hiibl1'11"1011L /J /J u A~ ,.,, /J.1 Y/ t:. tJ 0 11 /J./) {)./, () 0 o t.u tJ./) tJ.I) 4-Birds ~ /J () ,l.tJ 1J/, ()/ ~ ? tJ 0 /),/ a I.P I 0 I /lt!,O A, IA/!,(/ 5-Clouds, Dus~ et~ /) t) tJ J'!1 (}.{ ().t (\ C. () cJ c.o al, t)f) tl t? /,) () {) t?.t ~/, 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. p !} 0 /JI t?t tJI \ . t, C) 0 0.1) C,t, tJ,I tJ t) 0 c2() 11.0 O.t 7-PsydDlo&ical 0 () t tit /)/ tJ,t \ C, 0 0 tJ.P t?,C) ao t? 0 0 M /)_O M 1-Unlmown (? 0 t) /?I. 0/) /)/ 0 CJ tJ IJ.t t!t? t)t) /) 0 /) 00 tJ.P t1.() !I-Other 0 !) 0 ()/ /)L 11 /, C, 0 ,1() NJ o.o C, 0 tJ tJ.() /), /) N) Total .2.. I .? /£,7 .JJ.J wa 2 tJ 2. /41,p /).() //)t7. I 0 I 1/JrJ.I) /).t) voo, L./ <e:t!d/1/17.f - ,::;- M1 ✓1,uT'ES ,t.-.?,-, /1,. IA/VrE! l?.,c a ~n ,,,,.,vrE, a,,,,,,no111 ,,hr S'T,47EO Number Per Cent Number PM COil Number Per Cent Number Per COit Evaluation Certain D"'btfuI Total Certain Doubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dlllblful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dlllbtful Tota ~Balloon 1 tJ :2 -l'AP dtllll-1,I) C) I I tlt 33,J :,3.3 I,. 0 0 ao ao /).0 I t? I X/J /.0 .5'.0 1-Asbonomical t, 0 0 O.t ().I) 0.0 (/ 00 0,/) ~o (lb I rJ I 1.2,5 tW /,2.,5 II I 1.2... l?J.3 3,0 30 2-Aircraft I 0 I '}/}/) M lup t> 0 0 ()() ()~ tJ.O /) 0 tl tJ.O /J.rJ ().() I 3 4 3,/) q_ I /.2,/ 3-Liat,ll'lltllOm. I /J I ~.I) /J{) 11IJ,O 0 0 0 /JI /J~ /J.O () {) ,1 M l/.0 /)j u I I M ?.f) .J.{) 4-Birds ,:) 0 b arJ ,1,/) C}.() I tJ 113'3.3 ~I ~3,3 .7 /J ,;_ :U-!) ()0 25.t [, ,:) t) /}I tJ.D /}.,:) 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ () 0 /) M tJ.O 11, C tJ t? 0.0 tJ.0 1.1 /J t? c? 0.0 ()_/) {//J /} 0 f) ao t?,O /) /J 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I ;;? I l-71,?.;:) tJ.O [?J.10 {) 0 0 (I/, tJ.t O,/J .7 t) ~ 12_,.t,> ,j,JJ ~ z t} y l.11L1 1),/J 111.; 7-Psycllolo1ical t? /l t) 1'!1 ().CJ {)./} u {/ ;J /J.O {J.(, tJ. /) ;J 0 0 ()() r:J.O tJ,1, u I I /J,() .M J/,J 8-Unknown j ,jJ ~ o.a IJ.{) t.r, I {) I l33.3 /J,~ JJ.3 2. 0 ,1.... 2St P.D l:if.t .f" ,,J s /~1 IJ,/, IS:.J 9-0the'r 6 0 /J /J,t tW t1t? t 0 0 nd tJ.() DO I ,:? I J:Z,' I,/) 1/15 I t? I :?,() c?CJ 3,1) Total .5 /} ' /tl).t /). t I /.1C/ .2. I 3 (t,7 131,3 ;t?t?. ff t? fr l~P tU- 11~0. :Z.7 C 3g 113'/.3 /!,1 II/JO, 237


=== Page 247 ===

. LJP',£, s. C~A Ad,, L1 r/t7,?/ Ar- - •/ -1A / 5' <c ,_,,,, < _,. Les< £.-//7 <;eM/1/.tJS /1-~/J ,,,-__ - .s Im- PerC01I Number Per COIi Nu- Per Cent Enlualion Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 11-lllllooa .3 3 ,b /.] J.3 ,t.6 '1 3 s .1..2 J,j s:s .J .r 'l 2.,:i... J.I u l·Astlunomical P- 77 /5""1 .'K? ¼9 67,9 :u /7 .43 '1>',,( /%,7 '11-71 '2D. 1 33 /7,S L, :.z2q 2-Aircraft /,; It/ ?1 ,ti, /,t, /,2,I, /2 f' ,u /],2 'U "171. li :Z3 M' /,.g /,(5 l:n, 3-Li&hl Phenoa,, 2. {) ~ t. t),t, ;?.9 I t) I I.I l).t /, I I I '2.. ,1,7 IJ,? /,,LI. 4-Birds 0 0 tJ l.t rJtJ t7,1, 0 CJ I/ tJ,() M 1./J t> t) CJ /l,t aP tJ.t) ~-Dus~etc, 0 I I tJ.P l!JI. air 0 t? {} M ao (),/, t? '7 !l_ tJ,I, jJ,t /,I; 6-r...trlc. lnlo, 10 tl It? 1./3 t/,() iL £ t? 6 .,5,6 0.0 ,{/, l.'1 Cl/.'? 9,,41 t?,() u 7-Psydlllopc:al ? 0 ,:L /. t1.() a~ tJ Cl () l)P t?.t I},/) 2.. I 3 /.1,1- 47 ,Z,J ·- /I, 0 1.r 6.Ji t).0 /11 /,.,J. ;:; 14 /£it 0,/) If),; 7-5 tJ ~,; JU aP /'1,/, !I-Other 7 3 //) :1.l /.3 1/.3 ? i} 2.. .2.2 .ao 2,l JI. 4- 7 7~ ?JI S:ff Total /3.G r8' '2.3IJ 55,/ 11-11. 9 wo. 63 ,,2-f 11 £f.~ 3/J.'l Jt)(), i/f' /fS 13'1 > 1/.~ 3?.~ lbO Evaluation 0-~loon 2-Aircnfl 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ el~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknDM'I 9-0ther Total ,,,,,,_ •,;vr,/V" ""~"'- - . /1& .~//4#7"'/A/r-. 5"' 5£t!PA/IJ5 tJR Less t -It? Set!,::w.Ps //•ft? '-'t:1::(,,,15 Number Percent Number Per Cent Nurrter Per Cent Evaluation Certain Dllllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doll>llul Total Certain Dooblful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon t7 0 t) 1.0 JO 1,1) t) tJ 0 ~I, tJ.!) /J.0 I 3 ii- Jt3 17.CJ IJ.3 1-Asbonomical I 3 LL £,7 l2P,t) 11.7 /) .2. 2 tJ.O /5',:Z /'f,2. 0 0 /) /i.0 CJ./) /)./) 2-Aircraft I 3 JI 1,7 ~t) :U,'; ~ I ,II.. ,Zl,3 'I.I J6.J/. £ ., // 2£./ 7f7 #7.ff 3-Li(IIIPh"""- t) I I IJl f,7 6.'J I) tJ t) tJv /!) t{/) v t? J) ~l M (),t 4-Binls t} t) 0 t},/) /J.t) /)0 {, 0 I} /}.I) tJ.tJ 00 t) t} f) 10 t)!) t?.t S-Cloud~ Dust, el~ tJ ,.:; t? I,{) t7.(j 0.0 {, 0 0 a~ tJ.!) M tJ CJ ;J M /JI) tJ,t 6-lnsuffic. ~to. .:z. tJ ,,z 11.?.J /J.t) l?.3 I £) I 9./ {21) 9./ 1 /1 ~ 3.7 /),t '/.7 7-Psydlololical ?1 t? ~ 17/J It M p t) t) ()./? M I,[; 2.. /1 2.. 7.7 I.I) S\''7 &-Umu,o.. 4 /J J.1- 1-?t? (),I ?t, 7 /1- £) J.L 31,4 tJ.!) l~.6.' 2._ t/ ,;2. 'l.7 ,M 'i.7 !1-0liler t) tJ ~ 0.0 0.0 [},!) I/ 0 ,0 (),t tJ,I) /),t I I ') //,3 /n 1.6 Total 1 7 IS- B3 Jlt.7 1//)t', ( 3 If 7.2, 'i27.3 Vt?CJ, ;q. r 2..3 111?.9 l.1f./ IIM /4/ .>E4/JA,'15 • S' M,A,f/TES tf, -ft} A /AU,'7'/:S /Jve,e .?tJ M,11/vres Jmmber PerCSlt Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0.Balloon /, , II /f.6 //,II- 1..;-t) 3 3 ff' /3.' ff. 1.2 .? I 4 125'/) '1,3 ~33 l•ASllUnomical I I) [) t1() ;Jo t?,t? 2.. 3 5"' F.6 'l3 /3,' 0 0 tJ tJ,(J /J,{I M 2-Aircraft /3 ( 11 1-~S l[.J. IL7,7 s .,- //) l],'J IN? m '7 3 ,j 1/.7 1-,A ii/7 Hi(IIIPh9"m. C {) 0 t?/J M M .:; 0 ;J 'i,3 tJ.O '3: 0 (} t? t7,[; tJ,() 1,() C.Birds I) 0 I) ~I, /J.0 /)ti () I) tJ /),t t?.t7 ao !) /) tJ 41 l.11 t),() S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ 0 0 0 tJ,t, (),I) O,/) 0 {7 /) j() a IJ,/, f) 0 tJ 0.() tJ.() /},/, 6-lnsuffi~ 11111, ? ~ 'J Jl.,5 tJ.O )/;5 I 0 I ,2S tJ.() ..Z.J 7 /) ,;z. lli.7 t?.t? If.? 7-Psydlolopc:al I I .2 2: 23 II;/ C, t) 0 /),() /Ji at /) 0 C tO t',() /).I) ._ 7 I) 7 /),9 ,M /,-'1 /, 0 I 11.7 ao '/£.7 I () I j; J.O 1,j ~ I 0 I .i..3 at? 2. .'? 0 ? >l.3 PC 11.3 0 0 i} 0,/J rJ.O tJ,() Total 3t? I.If- 1M Ci ,!f.<i[ /t,t) :;.s II 36 69.lj 3/J.6 uo. 8' ,,If- 12 Ct.'! ?33 lt?O, 238 AA/§ /7d,/p-,:!,r ?/., L./J S'°eeO.Ao1_r Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ 9 9' J( 7,5 2'J /Sv f y IP. 7,5 #,1 //.l ?::/ IJ 3( lf.J-. 12.; .J/,? tJ tJ /) a, At IJ,/ /) 0 i} J?t /21, t)~ I) 0 tJ I'.; j,t cw //) Cl It? f:3 N iJ ? /) .:L 1,7 J?I) I, '7 -:?3 /) ?3 ,2.7,.5 ~I) 177, 3 .z 5' J.5 1,7 4,2 1 '! .3/ I~ 7~2 25:1 I/PO, fi,//) _,,,,_ i-A-r..5' ?/-6t:l <e(!/7/1/t.:JS Number Per COIi Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Toi~ t} O· /) 0.0 tJ.() t),0 /J I I ;J.t //. I /I.I I .3 .If- //,/ 33,J /ll/c4 I, I I to //,/ II.I t) t7 /) tP-0 /)t) /).0 /) 0 tJ t),t P,t) tJ,p I t) I //,1 O,J //,/ ./) 0 t) CJ, t (),/) tJ,t 7 /,) 'J 12.- (J,!) 22.i. t) tJ £) J.t I?,/) tJ. {) # .F 'l' /#1./, s-s;t IM IJ,,A;,r,tp,r/ vi?r <r,.,,,,., Number Percent· Certain Dooblful Total certain Doubtful Toi~ 'l :z_ J../. .4.3 /f.3 8', I, 3 .,Z. .s- 6,7 )f.3 ltJ,'l 9' ';/ 1;z.. 119.6' 6S u/ I 0 I 17 /l,0 ,2,;. IJ tJ /) (),0 .at? ()_(} C [) ~ '1,t) tJ.!J at? 7 t? 7 IS::Z. 0./J /S::l.. /) t? j? p,() M ao II tJ 1// 123.9 ao ;2,3,9 L/.. L 6 ls.7 J/.,3 /Y,{) 37 '1 dt: 'S'/.1/ If.I Ito. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 248 ===

---------------------------------------- I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astruoomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&i'I Ph"10m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-Jnsuffic.tnfo. 7,Psydlolo~cal &-UnlUlown 9-Qthe, Total Evaluation 0-BallOOII !•Astronomical 2-Aircraft 6-lnsuffic. tnfo. 7-Psycholo1ical 8-Unkno"" 9-0thor Tot~ Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Li&i'IPh""m. 4-Birds S-Cloud~ Dus~ etc 6-Jnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 6-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Alrcraft 3-Li&i'I Ph""m. 4-Birdl ~Clouds, Dus~ etc 6-lnsufflc •lo. 7-Psydlolopcal 11-Unlulown 9-Qthe, Total t'E.1/. <,,- - ,;- <F et:J,-,,,,,, ,,,, Le-u Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total r.;ertain tJ .2- .2- '?,.., '1'/ -?,/ ti i tJ .J //J1' /J..O 1/t?.? t) J" 2 7 IH9 7./ 25":o -J c I I ·,1/J !?,/, .f.£ u 7 /I f '7.1 /~.? :ll« v t:? t? (J I.OJ? /) /} /! /) tJ .2- 0 .2... 7. I /J/J '7./ I /J t? /J ;?,-, r,1,1 t(;? ,:j 5' ;;? .r ;;(,; t:J_/J ,.,.9 3 .1 /) .2- ?;/ ;? /J -, I I, I 'I r .2$ t7.9 5'.2. / /t7C/ 6 LJ;;,11,, -- - 5' S'et:t:J/1/t?t ,.,,,, L ,e-s< Number Per Cent Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain ;;, ,1 0 ,-1 /, tJ.t Jo (/ {, () o at t).f) /1.i r; I .2 .:J 1/lf.3 '~6 J/.,2,1 I 0 /J /} t.o M 0.0 0 l, 0 0 tJ.!, 0.0 {),O tJ ? 0 C ()./) (.() /Jl, C, I {) 1/t/-;'3 M /11.3 I v t? /, M /JJ', J./) L { t} j /1...29 ,1,tJ ,1/-.)4 ;J ~ tJ t, N, M /),/) {) S" ~ 7 71.IJ ,n,t MO, I /4/ .),=,'"'A'tiJ> s ""-1V ,.1Tc, Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certarn Doubtful Total ~ertain () tJ ;? ~l ~o IJ.(, I I/ I I /)./. 10.L //)/. 0 tJ 2 .L /).f. ~.I ?Ill I, t? 0 0 il.t a1, at ,;_ J ~ I ltJ.t 0,() IJJ,t t /J I) 0 J.() .C,1 tJ,L v (,J t) 0 /),C, /JJ tJ.t I l t? t:? tJ.t ~A l)J I) ✓ () 3 3M M 3/),L ? 1 ~ ~ 3(),0 tl.t) 3tJ.t:? CJ 7 ..3 /tl 7M j'/),() II()/), 7 ·~ c,-,,> . - - ,{,-/I? ·e,,,.,Ant_s Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t) tJ ,M '1.0 1t t) /J "I) f)_t) ff) tJ ,1_ j.:1.,1. t)./, 7'.1-1 ., 2'. /i,o ?'2."2 1?21 I / h:? II./ II,/ £) t) tJ,1, tJ.IJ /)_() CJ I 1//,/ /J.0 //,/ /J t) /),~ ,u C.i CJ 3 !?3.3 ()./) !JY,3 C) 0 M ti.t' tf.,e; 3 'I "b6'l IJ33 //)/), G ,:,?,>, ..., .,.A _ _... ~ -/O 5et!P.A/t:J.I Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total I I M _;-M .,Al) () t) P,/) It t).p 0 I It;'/.!) ().{) I;"»,/) I) /J /J,/) !,/) M t) t? O.tJ P,f) ,Cl,/) (., ;J a~ iJ.tJ /)t, I' f} ()t t:?,P ll.t L tJ tJ.P /)_I ,1./, 1.' I} f),t, 0,0 1,/) I, (/ 11/J (//) M I .2.... S"P.tJ Sl,tJ /tJt), /4 -S't) M111/1.1Te.I Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total {/ I l,2S tl,t) 17,; I I t,() 12,5' /2.5 ,1 /) tJ.I) t),tJ /),0 0 ~ ,, .. , 11./:) ?,J f) 0 /)I, /) /, ;JI, 0 ~ ~/, ,11. t).t) tJ I 1..2.r ,J.JJ 11~-~ t) ~ ~;; /)./) /),/) 17 3 37:5 411 37,5 p u (),0 a~ t)_/) I I' 557,j J,2,5 /IP, 239 /1& S'/,< u-r,A/ /2 rp;;;,: -r71 '7'7!!',I/ /),//fJC~TS //, "'"' .>ct!t:J/1/d.f" .J'/-~ t:7 5.:C0/1/d.I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent i.;ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t) I I t:J.(} 5.5' S:.i' j (J t? /?J) I. /1/) t) I I tJ. tJ ,;-s S"-f C. I I l.t) f. 6, 7 7 g //} .rt.q /5.i' 1{°2,( £ I 7 l.t14tJ ,, '1 m,7 JJ t} tl /,).CJ l?.tJ 1.00 /, I I 0.t) p, 17 I t} J 5:.J' z?./.l 1..::.? I I _2_ 6,7 £,7 /::JU u I) {) t?.O ,.,. /) 10.0 /) t) t) tUJ ~t) /). () C, (} /) ao 0.0 00 t) 0 C It tJ,t) tJ,/) t) tJ 0 /Jt) ao ao t) ?> /l tJ.() tJ.tJ /J. () £ CJ 6 .?1.t CJ.tJ l?/.t /I- /J 4 ti.7 /,,Cl li.7 /) 0 0 r,10 0/7 /JO t') /J CJ j,t ~.t (}_o Ill ..5 I 9' ',f.J'.? 2t..f 1/~ II # /.> 73.3 ~7 1/t'ti,' /JJ: ,--,,c,,--r-,A/G E,t.£//eV ,,,,e ,1/,::J,t!,!; ,.-1,,;.,~&rs /l-f/7 .... F~--A"'.J" ::>/- &n 5e'1~IVO.r Nuniler Per Cent Number PerCmt Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dwbtful Total [J t) /J 1.0 /2/) t2tJ t t- c:, ;JI, tJ.() tP.t 0 I I /)/,33.3 ?'?. I) I) /J IJ.f) dtJ tJ.!) f, /) I) ao t).t) /J.1 ~ /J I) IJ.JJ {/~ /J.f ;; C 0 1V t?,t t?J 0 {) 0 /)0 ao li.L 17 I I /J.C 3J,3 33' 2. I) ,:;__ lfM M J#,/) I, 0 /J a~ IJL /J.1 t, {) 0 ~() t2tJ tJ.O /) t) 0 4L t?.t t.L ~ t? ,Cl ()JJ ao t1t t, I I £}.~ ?.3-3 33.3 {) 0 !) /).(, t.tJ t).f, I) 0 /'} ~{} IJ.P /1.t :? () 3 iftJ.tJ t)./) 6,j,I) tl t? CJ tJ.1 aL t?.t /) t? t? /).I, /J./) /).() I/ ..3 3 P./) //)0.() /tl/), s p F //)/),/) tJ,O /tit), /h,,e,(! .?0 M,,vvres l7n4A T//?AJ ,i,or Sr,u-e/? Number Per Cent Number Per Cent certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0 I) I/ .Ct) ,1,t) /,I) tJ I) t? rJ(, /J,C t),t, 3 () ~ 11Llj M ?Ill, J tJ I I, /),t £,:;.. I/ I I /JI) £7 t7 ;; I I at 0,:). £.? I 0 I i.7 hJ b. '7 I') t) t:? /J,l /J(, t:J(, /J !) t ,M ,M ,,u tJ I} 0 tJ.t ,J,I. ao I) 0 I. ,J.t) hJ t?j p CJ p l}J. NJ /!.f. () CJ t:. ,M /j_l) /JI. 6 £1 6 37.S c:i.o 37,5 I /J I f.7 ~() £') 'J o' y_ a.s /.O 1,2,5 E Cl fl~? tJ.1, ~3,3 • t) r .W..2 ,:J./) .J/,1 r; I I t.o {'7 6.7 I t? I 6,1 tP. /) ,:1 8 ? /$" 8'/. i /3.3 1/1)/), /5 I /,{ P3.2 /,'1. /~(I.


=== Page 249 ===

""""e ,,.,,,,. S-st:A,,,A,,,,, ,,,,. L6ss L-//J Set!,::,.A,,,,, - PerCmt - Pe,Cml EVlluatioa Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain DoubllJI Total 0-!IIIIDIIII (j () tJ t1t O.t /JrJ 1-Asbofwlllical J CJ I .S72t l')r, fl{/, 2-Airaall () I J t?.t iw.o lm.t Hi;,tl'lltnoa. /. ;; I) a otJ ot? 4-Binls t /] 0 a 110 tJ.t- I, 5-Cloods, Dus~ et~ {) 0 /J /JI AO (},t. ., V 6-lnsvtli~ 11111. tJ ~ t? o, tJ,t, /)/ (\ 7-l'sydlolo&ical C, tJ O a {),(J t7.t- .I V 8-- D tJ tJ I)/_ b /Jt M \\J !l-0111.. /. t? 0 /Y, I)() 00 I Toi~ I I 2 f"/J/ £P,O /()/), /4/ J'E/!0/11,/JJ - .t::' M,/V,/rc< L ft) M1NPrGJ Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Evaluation Certain DDllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Oooblful Total 0-!lllloon 2 L,l 7 ILl/l o t?t J#./) I/ I I /20 E-'< l-?33 I-Astronomical () t? 0 t1. tJJ ()/) l, tJ 0 (J.t ao ·ao !·Aircraft I t? I :LAO M 7A/) (J 0 0 tJ.t /lO tJ.O Hi&hlPhOlOIII. I t? I v.o tJ.o :LJ.O I ,1 I 37,3 ao 37.3 4-Binls t) I) /) ,?.() tJ.0 10 {) t) 0 ao tJ.I, /)tJ 5-Clouds. Dust. etc. {) 0 0 0.0 rJ.t ~/J t:) 0 0 IJ,t t/1) t2tJ 6-lnsuffic.lnft>. I /) I 7/J.P j1' ?I'll, 0 0 0 IJ,l 120 l).J? 7-Psychological I, ;J 0 ,:?.CJ tJ-0 tJ.I) 0 {) tJ tJ,1. ltJ tJ,t 8-Unkno111 0 0 /) o.o /J.{} 0./J I ~ I 33., 0.tJ 33,J 9-0ther 0 /) t) t!rJ /).I /}.I) CJ CJ 0 M 0.0 O,tJ Total s- tJ J lltli?O /2() lt?P. :l. I 3 lt17 Y3.J //70, 240 A& .q,c =-,A,G .. - - - -- -~ ,_ ~ -,f A1A- -.4-r,1:, //-ft? seea-•"'.f .?/-~/7 S'6(!/'>A,/1S Number Per Cent Number Per Cent tertain Doomlful Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Doubllul Total Certain Oowlful Toi~ 0 I SP,1, tl~ S'AP I, /J tJ at drJ {}.P t? 0 tJ {ltJ P.rJ ,?./, t? 0 t? tl.1 M /J.rJ I I) J L"/JI) t.rJ 1,tit) 0 0 -~ /11 /).I) I.I, /} t) r, 17.I) rJ,1. ~2 0 0 0 IJ,, tl.tJ IM I/ 0 0 IJ./ IJ.I ~/) I J I 111)(1/) 0.0 /~I) (', I) 0 IJ/) /J.O llP 0 f) 0 /J.t tJ.t Rl7 (, ,,, I) to {).I) t2t tJ 0 0 dt (J.() /J,'7 (, {) 7: 7ft. l.o a, 0 t? /) /J.L 1)1. t),I) 0 /; {) tJ.P tJ,t /).I 0 tJ 0 rJ.t tJ.rJ tJ.t, /) I) ~ ~p {),() /J.() r, () t) /Jf) l.t t?i, 2 I.? .:L 11pp.() tJ.f) 1/P~ I tJ I l7pat: P.rJ /a? tJv'e~ -t,,,, ,A ••v-r.!f_.f /,)t,,A A - "'M ,_,,,_ ,;'rAr&P Nudler Per Cent Number Per COit eriain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doublfu Total CertJin Dlllbllul Total t CJ Cl f:P M l).O 0 0 tJ tJ.p /).t, /ltJ J 0 I ///;~ at? /Re: ( I 10 J'.eft 3. fl .!.f.,, I) 0 D I.ti t)IJ /J.L I I ,2..., .;'.R ff 1 I. tJ 0 t> t),p tJ.O /J./) I', 7 I /J.t :11,g .1'.f ? /) 7 1'1~6 t).t) 1,,q;~ /) /) I t/0 ~o dO tJ tJ 0 t?r. ll.o ~.t ;;, 0 t? 0,0 l.o at ? t) '7 :U.L O.i :;$,6 q /) ,? StJ.!f tJ.O l?n.l? ~ /) 0 /J.t t)/) /).rJ ;; 7 I tJI g.g' ?.-ff I 0 I /If.. ~I. /lf.3 :/ /) 3 I 11.,; t?t //.6 J 0 I /lf,-3 /l() /11:-.J I t) I S.i' /J/J 3. .f 7 ;J 7 /~./ M Jt)P, :L-.1 LL .u ~u:1. /5'.¢ /Ill. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 250 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I E'11111tion 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircrlft 3-LithlPhenom. 4-Birds 7-Psydloloaical &-Unluro• Total Evaluation 0-Batloon I-Astronomical 2•Aircraft 3-Liat,t Pllenom. 4-Birds 5-Cloud~ Dus~ et~ 6-lnsuHic.lnlo. 7-Psychological &-Unknown 9--0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Liat,tf'lln,ar, 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychoto1ical 8-UnknoMI 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Lii)ll Ph.,,m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-tnsuffi~ Info. 7-PsydlolopCII &-Unkno• !l-01111' Total Certain ? If ,t/ / .. g ,t/ 0 9,1 /?. 1;, C.rtlin ,f /2, .I I ~. I d tJ 2,/4 ,,7 I, 1 //o Number Per Cent DOlrbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain f /5 /, I 1.(} /.J'./ /J ,, ~5 116,? 1.,/ ~/.~ ~ II? 1¢ "'" ~7 12.:2 /} /J I JJ 9 12.IJ IJ.; Cl /) €' d. J /) /, 1/~ I? /J ,J :;1.t, t), t:, 1',1, /} /) d ?~ t),/, J'.5 ,,, tl ,, de! IJ.tJ /,l tJ I? tl J'2, 2'1~ CtJ 2:n .I£ (/ //, 117.4 J',< /?~ /J 2'f 115' 'flt 25'.1- la?. //,, 11<1 IP Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain 5 ;£, u §.I. If.~ I,? 5 ;7 1.1.~ ;; I. 19,; /,. ,,, ,~ I/,:; II 1. l!i".? JJ 0 I 1./ ,1 JJ II t? I) L, ,1 /) /J ?.t tl CJ I t. I JJtJ II /J /J " 4,; /)/] .I/,; 5 ~ (7 tJ./J tJ tJ ,,,._, ,? Cl .2 t, 1111, (JIJ :Zf.1 ~ $, /it, 1/.2 ~-1 l.f.U ,7 U, i'Y ,f.t:_, 2</1 IM I~ LJc,, "A ~1/5-? "AL ,A Number Pe, Cent Nuntier Pe, Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Drxrbtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain lloubtfu Total Certain Omblful Total I I IUJ ~/J ✓-~ I fr {$,IJ dJJ f1.v I ,;, 1 tl. tJ .t? /) 1/v v, /J & tl,O /J /) /J. t) V ,, /J /),, /) /) IJ, tJ ' l I? tl /) t} ,, 0 tJ. tJ I\ Cl 5 ,,,,, ,,; /1 /J ,1/),: \ \J ,? /J ,? /l .12;;, /20 ~ /J (I ;,;_/. ,7,/4 1£,C, tl tJ ,J /. 1?./J a_,, tj 1!5 £{, ?£ tJ It)(), Ac4, ,. ,f,, ~At:_1"1 Number Per Cent Nu- Per Cent Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Drxrblful Total coin Doubtful Total I I /J,, //,f ¢.1 I -t'n1. d.'7 .J~~ d d tJ.t? !?ti !?. tl I tJ /J tJ./J (}.,J ().(J '{/ ~ /.? ;J,1 12/J /)/) \ tJ t) /J,/'. 0.tJ ,w \~ ✓,, 5" 1.1.J at1 :Ztf t'\ t? tJ ao l).t) 120 \ r-; CJ ,/ ;?.t:, r? /) 1?,? "' ,? /.? /)/'. /),, ,, /) ., $/ '77.4 I.ft' t, 111,1?, 241


=== Page 251 ===

Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Aslltln:imical 2-Aircraft 4-Birds 6-lnsuffic. ~fo. 7-Psydlolo&ical 9,Qtt,e, Tobi 4- Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain 0-Balloon 1 .i' 1/J 4. .$ 4.tJ !11..1 /) 1-Astrvnomical ·9 j /.2 ,,,,, .H,, IL.tl §" 2-Aircraft 'd '7 II SI "f 1(/ I. /.) 3-Li&hll'benoer. I /J I /.f /J, /J I..! /J 4-Birds '7 ,,, 2. ?,7 /J/, '7."f /J S-Clouds, Dus~ et~ I ,,, I /.? ,, /l /.J /J 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ,I ,,, d 5. f /.?,., r: .1 ,,_- 7-Psycholo1ical I? /J CJ /J /) /J /) C),,, /J &-Unknown 2q /J HI fl? /j tJ. /) ,f/_/j d 9-0ther R' ,J 1/J //}., '7."f Jill /J Total L.{J /5 'ft, 1',?.1' ~tJ. /, ,,.,,., /ti /J-"1",a Number PerCffll Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful I / /)/) ,r,/J I ~ IA,--,, !>./J (/ u ,, /l 4/J./. /J ,,, /J,tJ tJJ, ,,, /'. ':,, ,1, tJ /) /, /J.tJ tJ.tJ /) s ,,,,,./, tJ./J /1 /J ~o tJ.tJ /J ~ 1,?./J /2/J ,,, /J '1/, {J.t} 6 '7t) 1.-,,, ✓, ..tao 242 /?,.,._,,,,, _,, NWliler Per Cent Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtlul s:o f/?/j 411 I, l2tl ' V /? /J " /)/) ,_ .?5.o (J CJ.t) ~ Mtl \' I /JC) /Ot:J. Number PerC8lt Total Ce,tin Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 252 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evalution 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 3-Liat,IPhSIOffl, 6-lnsuffic.tnfo. 7-Psycllolo~cal 8-Unlulo., Total Evaluation 0-Batlooo. I-Astronomical 2 4 Aircratt Hiat,tPh010m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds. Dus~ etc. 6-lnsutfic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Batloon I-Astronomical 3-Liat,t Ph010m. 4--Birds 6-/nsuffic. lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astronomical 2-AircraH 3-Liat,t Ph810m, 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dust, etc. 6-lnsuHic. lnkl. 7-PsydlOlorical 8-Unknown t-Othe, Total Certain ~ / ,? / 0 tJ 2. ,/,J u /J IZ Certain I I /J / tJ tJ ,J, 0 d /'} f Men A Number Per Cent Dobbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total tJ 1- IU tJ/J lf..J 2- .? i,1 lf.5 ,W/, I I 12,:J /_rl ,t.? ,tl / ;., 1' nn t..J 0 £) tJ.tl /)/) /J(J tJ /,) /) tJ /! ,1 /) /J tJ :l l.f.f i'J t? If.! CJ /J tJ.tJ /J,/J t? t? ,t;J ,:, ~C) /)_ tJ dt1.o ,? /J /1/J 0.0 ao :I IS- Mt,~ l,M. M1:r1",., Number PerCmt Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total (} ltf tl.t? f,5 ,:1, ..! 51.1 /1,,1 15.J; I I {J.17 ~J f..J /,) / 1J 120 f..1 0 tJ /J/J /J tJ /lt} 0 tJ 00 O.o /JO /J :Z, 16. 1 /J.O II.. 7 0 t9 (l. tJ tJ. /J 0 t? 0 d ,ff! .-1.tJ 5'.1..J /,) tJ J'J. /') tJ.iJ tJ.tJ 3 ;2,, 1t;.tJ 26.{) voo. J./A Number Pe< COIi Nuntier Per Cent Number PerC01t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ~•rtain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Dooblful Total ? I I/ N f.1 It,~ 4 ~ /5 d~ 21. tJ <fl.9 / ? .7 :u /..I, i1.'1 ,? /,) CJ /J/J /)_/J /J(J /J // 0 f?JJ /7,/J a o ,? / I l?/J ?. ? .?. 2. £, /J 2, It.,,;- /J,(J l,{5" t? /,) ,:, /J/J tl.tJ tJ. (J & L7 ,., d.d '< /J Jllq it_ tJ '2, I..,; '1/l 6,5 Ii' If ,g; 5"%.! Id!.? '1tJ/J, ,t.1,,,,,1,,11 Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ .;, I ti /t!tJ ?! lf.5 d 9 15 l1J.J -rt?l'J lff.1 I 2, ? I.J /,,, '1 '✓'t" /J L'J /,) /)/) /J./J ~/J /) /J /) /'};; t?/l j'}/J I? / I tJ.tJ .?. l ?...! ~- /) ,t. /.. "/ '< /J 1.,7 tJ /7 tJ /J. t? t:20 /JO 5 tJ !f Jt.1 /'}_/'} //., 7 ,t., /,) ?. .t., "} /),? /..7 11 15 ..10 5'~7 4.J'.3 /(Jt}, 243


=== Page 253 ===

EYlluatiao h\sbanamical 2-Alraaft 3-Li&l>IPhenom. 4-Birds • l>lnsullic. Info, 7-Psycbological 8-UnknaMI 9--0ther Total Mcr;t'tJ Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain - I Tomi Certain Doul>tlu I Tomi 0-llllioon I tJ I 11'.'.! /11'7 ff.J l•Astronomical / ,?, 1 5.J /£.1 25."1, 2-Airaaft /J I I /I/. (? .J !7 ~ 3-Li&l>tf'henom. / tJ I ~1 /J /} J?.1 4-Birds /} /J /J Ou IJ.0 Oo 5-Clouds,Dust,etc. /J /J ,, /)/) /J,, ~/) 6-lnsullic. lnlo. ,t, tJ ?, I/L 1 0/'J 47 7-Psycbological 0 I) /J t?I. /}/} 11'7,::? 6-Unkno'"' L /J d ff~ ,, ,, ~!j' 9--0ther /J ,.., /l /J/J /J.O lo.O Tot.al tj .1' 1£ lgei 25:tl /tl/J, ,, . Nu- PerCa,t Certain Domtlul Total Certain 11111bllm .J' I I.I. ,q.,. ,ft .1' f ,I ,,,_ 7 ?fl.t I ~ J .J'.t '/ I /. ,? 01/J/J ,? /J /J c? 0 I /J /J 0/J l'7 I I 1'7.0 .1t ~ tJ 2, 't I /J.O /J ,? 12 I/J./J /?./J ,:; § ~ 111.'9 /?.1'7 £, tJ ~ 7./ /J /) It. ;'2, ~f I-"'!'/ 4f.1 244 Number Tot.al Certain - I Tomi Certain 1¢.f ff.J /tJ.J /J..6 I.,?,, 1t '?/ l.o.o 1-t 9 ti ta?. Per Call Naber - Tot.al Certain ...... PerC.t Tot.al Certain Dolllllal Tot.al I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 254 ===

I I I Evaluation I 0-Balloon l·Astnmomical 2-Aircraft I 3-Liaht Phinom. 4•Birds f>lnsUffic. Info. I 7-l'lydlololical ·- !I-Other I Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I 1-Astmnomical 2•Aircrafl· 3-LiahlPhenom. 4-Binls I 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI I !I-Other Total I I Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft I 3-LiafllPh"'°m. ,4.Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I 7-Psycholoaical II-Unknown 9-0ther I Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Liat,IPhenom. 4•Birds I ~Clouds,Ou!lt.etc. r.tnsuffic. Info. 7-Psychololical II-Unknown I 9-0the, Total I 245 I


=== Page 255 ===

I I I I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astlonomlcal I-Aircraft I 3-Ll&lilPho»m. I-Birds $-Clouds, Dust, et~ 6-lnsufll~llfo. I 7-Psydlllolicol 8-Umo• 9-01ller Total I I Evaluation 0-Batloon I I-Astronomical 2-Airaaft 3-Liallll'IIOllm. I-Birds I 5-Clouds, Dust, el~ 6-insuffi~ ~ro. 7-Psydlololical 8-Unlolo,., I 9-0ther Total I I Evaluation 0-Batioon 1-AsbuoomicaJ !-Aircraft I 3-Liallll'IIIIIOII. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dost, el~ 6-lnsuffic. Info. I 7-Psydiololical 8-Unlolo,., 9-0ther Total I I Evaluatian 0-Balloon I l-Astrono111ical 2-Airc,aft • 3-Li&lil Ph-. &-lnsufli~ aro. I 7-Psydlllo&i<II 8-- I 9-0lher Total I 246 I


=== Page 256 ===

I I I Evaluation I 0-Billoon I-Astronomical 2-Alrctaft I 3-Liaf,IPha,om. 4-Blrds 5-CIOClds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsufflc. ~fo. I 7-Psychololical a.- ~Iller I Total I Evaluation 0-Batloon I l•AstJonomlcal 2-Aircratt 3-Liafl!Pha,om. 4-Blrds I 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psycoolojical 8-UnknoMI I ~Iller Total I I Evaluation 0-Batloon 1-Asbonomlcal 2•ilrcratt I 3-LlafllPha,om. 4-Blrds 5-Clouds, Du~ ate. 6-lnsufflc.blfo. I ~Psycoolo1lcal I-Unknown ~Iller I Total I Evaluation 0-Balloon I 1-Astmnomlcal 2-Aircrlft 3-Llafll Phanom. 4•Birds I 6-lnsufflc. Info. 7-Psyitolopcal I-Unknown I 9-0lh" Total I 247 I


=== Page 257 ===

UBL£ ,{223 IYEw (',,,p,r UAdd/~ l'Tt,,A'C Number Per Cent Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total it:ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Ballooo /t ? 25' t?,/J 5:/ l«I tJ /4 15 lt?7 "/. I ,--;~ l•Astronomical -7,!J " 4/. II, :2, ?,d /I.( L, 1/J It) ?t} //I/ //. I/ i5.x 2-Aircraft 53 /1!, 65" fff.,f 1...7 ..ft.Ii /(/ /CJ .:2¢' It. 7 //. 9 ffg'_I,, 3-Ligtrt Phenom. f'. I .5' I/ "/ /.7 / I? I /? t?.CJ /.£ 4-Birds /.l 0 tJ 17,/J f?/J t?.,:? ?L tJ ¢' ✓ .f ;;7,t} i{g 5-Clouds, Dus~ el~ /J /) 0 ;J.tJ !'Jtfl tUJ /J /J /J tJ./.? ///) /J/.? 6-tnsuffl~ Info. fl/ tJ .:ZI II.A' /}/) /Of f'. t} ~ ;?,,;, t?.IJ i',,;t 7-Psychological "7 /) ,., .?.9 //11 f9 I /.? I 1:2.- /,)_ tJ /-?. &-Unlmo.. 26 /) 26 ;,/.I.. /J/J /¢1.. 15' 17 15 l'/'tl tJ_,,:, 17':Y 9-0lher 5' /) £, -?. J( ///) ,t.(l .z tJ .i, 4_// t'J. t} ?,/L Total ISCJ 2f? /'fl< l<fff 15'1' /a? ,;-jf' 4/ Jf'4 /.?p J//J I,?/? U.i?E ,f £2 i E///IU/,£[1/JIJ/ tJE ALL /.CJ -',4,:n 1),,,,,,.,..,,,., Number Per Cent Numbe, Per Cent Evaluation Certain Do,btful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon .2 5' ? ~-3 5.'7 ,l[tJ ,V 1 .fo 1/.:Z 4% 1£.0 I-Astronomical %) f? ~5 I-??_;; 9.1 .Y/.:J ?'7 ii' 55 d.7 ?. I, 2f.f 2-Aircraft I/ j' fl1 1/1'. 6 fl ?I_!, 21 ?3 L/d II. t, lf:Z H.¥ 3-Light PhEIIOm. tJ I I tJ.CJ /I I.I &, 4" It? 1:2 ?./ ,; ;' 4-Birds I /) / // &tJ // / ,,;J I /'J.5' /)/) 1'7.b 5-Clouds,Du~et~ l'7 t? tJ t?.tJ Cl./) acJ ;J /J o /J.o ,?/) a /l 6-lnsuffic.lnfu. II CJ II IJl.5 ;J,tJ 12'.5 -?/1 tJ ,£0 J/J /. (l. tJ 11</. 7-Psycllological 5 /J .; 5,'1 17. tJ 5. 7 1!,, 17 2- I.I /JI'? I./ 8-Unknown /2,, (} /~ l.f'{. 17_,-; IJ'.t. Ix' /) If? ?£ 17,/J l?,;, 9-0ther d t:? d 4,;- t?t:? {/1, I. £, J[ 11 I. I 41 Total ~{, L.Z ff$ '7',;_p :f_t;,p 1/VJ II.ft- 5t !ff$' IH"'.t, ?9.i It%! ,,,~ r/7£ "FAlrR/lL SAN - "· - ,:;,,- t"E"""'"""'' llRw£s1 ~ Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain DOIJbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ 0-Balloon 1f? f? ?I. // n '7.I t'.1./ ?, t, f _;?'f' II. I ;,/.g' l•Astronomical I/ .3' 14 I?. ff 2-'7 /t.!i G' .5' ;J 1/..1 5./, It/ 9 2~Aircraft 17 // ? !? 1;.t a t5.C7 Q 1.t, ?./ //._ 7 22.2 J'ff 9 3-LightPhenom. tJ CJ l'7 tJ.tJ atJ Cl.O I Cl. I J.I} o.r7 /. 9 4-Binls tJ 0 /) /J.0 tJ.tJ tJ.tJ tJ /) t:J tJ.O /1 /', o.'o 5-Clouds, Ou~ et~ /) /J /} r?.tJ Cl.I'? t2tJ tJ I I tJ.o J. ? 1? 6-lnsuffic. Info. 16 tJ II.. ;LI_; /J/J 1/...1 !? /J g /,/fl IJ.tJ ;df 7-Psyct,ological I J', ..1 /J.9 J.fi 2,J /) t:J t? l'J. I, ;J_ cJ 17. CJ &-Unknown Z2- 0 ?,J 1U tJO ;ft, & cJ h Ill CJ./} II. I 9-0ther / :i, ..1 /J.9 Ii 2.1 I rJ I J.'1 /) /) /. 9 Total g't, :?/. /Ii '71,.1 £ft. I/CJ,::? .J'!, ,£:2.- .5-7 5?..! 4C).7 lt'tJ. 248 OG#T//1/65 /,/,?sh' //IIG Tl"• Number Per Cent ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total !9 l.t J'/ tJ.c? 5:'7 /,/1 ///) I/ ",/ /I/CJ 5:Z ?d:2, B :?7 §t? Ii.CJ 12-9 2J'll tl 1!- 2. J7 /, /. tJ /17 / I? / ;'J,; cJ.C, t?.5 tJ ff % /J /) 5% 5.i II tJ // ~i tltJ .,.t. /) /1 17 /J/J t?cJ tJc? 5"J' 17 55 ?,,;:? /J.o 2;1. ,;, t? g /'I (l.tJ /.II ISJJ ~tJ :21,(J "I/Ii :zt. I, IC'?' II( Tb'E ,f'£G/tllll ,11(,;,_,,,,,,,<C /JF ,I: '=""L M,01uEs1 Number Per Cent certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtful Total II. 11/ -<''7 'f;ff ,IJ_i_ I /4f tJ N /tJ 1'9 dJ/J 4.? 23. 9 /.l M _z..1 1,.3 4. 9 //.2- s- f' .! ?.4' l.t, J'.? I :z, J' ""'" I. tJ I. 5' tJ tJ 0 J7.(} tJ.tJ /J.o ..J'/ tJ <'I /5, / /'J.O 151 5 17 -~ .?.I/- /J 17 24 4// cJ (/'¢ 11/!i /J,/J 21.;; 5 0 ,:; 2.11 ;JC} 2.1/- 11,;-<? d;: :ZCJ"'{ '11? ?f ¥ /a{ S/Ch"T//YGS P,AdWGSf lf'E6'1CJIY' Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 5T,f/l TEG IC' b/lt,9/l'CI: Jr- {t; ,1,//7,?t Er?sr Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ ,( 1:Z fo -1- ·' //}_ '1 /,f.2, '/4 ~ ;i I .1,:../,:; ✓,; /?/J ;tJ 16 .!'t fJ I 14'. 5" i'J' /. I 5" /4 /J. (j .;/,; 5.11 t? tJ 0 1/.C ,11' c?o tJ / / .':C /J'l d.? ltl cJ !cJ tJ, /J., tJ 91 /1 .J' 3' ///J :J.7 ,t 7 If /) / f ,;,,/ tJJ) //,.-£ J' L 5 2 '1 1.f ,:I .. /_/. 4✓ 1/C' 160,,:: drl.lJ l,;'v_ 5V'!1T£D( c1RE,£S Number PerCmt Certain 0ou,tfu Total Certain Doubtful Total Number PerCmt Certain Ooul.ltfu Total Certain Doubtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 258 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-Ball"'° I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-Ligll!Ph010m. 4-Birds 6-lnsuffi~ lolo. 7-Psydlological &-Unknown 9-0lller Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astnmaical 2-Airaaft 3-Li&ill Pllaiom. 4-Binls 5-Clouds, Dust, et~ 6-lnsuffi~ mlo. 7-Psychological 8-Unknown 9--0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l·Asbonomical 2 ..Aircraft 3-liihtl'II..... 4-Binls 5-Cloud~ Dust, et~ 6-IBSUffic. Info. I-Psychological &-Unknown 9-0ther Total 4211 £/r,4L(/AT7(2,(/ ff !{Lt. f/6b'T(lfGS I&'. :ti'it:: .Sr,f'#Tc'GtC ,;9~. - ~ - A'AL"•·•~ /1P ~---,, I lh- Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Nuober Per Call Certain Ooubtlul Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ool.d>tful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total ertain lloubtlul Tolal Certain Ooubllul Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total /$, 5 ,'/ S.7 2.¢ ff/ 11£ 5 .J'/ !¥ff ~:! 1'(I, 1/ ,I,/) fl I li?.,:J '7<7/.. Ifft -?'-1 22. /Ir- 1.J.1 /:t-.5 26:~ II If VJ 5:Z, 9 /) 141 15 l.f :2! ~,; -?:LI /5:9 /} /) /) /)/. rJ.tJ /{/', :z, 2, 4 I. I /. I :z_,z /} I I /J/J /JC' /JC /) / I tJ.tJ t?t- tJ,/. ~ t:J _,, ~-//- tJ.O £.I/ /} ?, 2.. tJ.tl II II /I, /} ;t, ?'/4 llt? 1'/.. II /) I/ 1..1 acJ ?.:2 /} /J 0 /,J/J at? /)/} tJ /J t? /J /) tJ.t tJ.tJ 5J /J 5.f ?;;-,J '7/J -2,:-;1, ~/ /) SI j9_(! tl.tl iftl I I. 1 /J.5 ~-9 fJ/.. .J CJ f I.? /)/. 1.1 //9 ?/ 2/tJ !,~ 1 //.1.1 l/,:1/) 171 (15 II?'~ l1d1.1 1~1, /a/ il2i LPS ~ AI.C,tU.E.5 l~,:,,AN,1£ ,tJ;:- 5,.,,ru h;wt:Sf Number PerCent Number PerCenl Nulltler Per Cent Number Per Casi Ce!Uin Ollllbtlul Total Certain Ooubtlul Total Certain llomtful Total Certain Doubtful Total t:ertain Ooubtlul Total Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Ooubllul Tola! 21 /t} ?/ 11..1 h 2VJ I ~ .5' .?.fl ~'1 1/.5 5 fl 1-r ;/f -I/] 1/..! I ..J' ✓ ,? i //. 5 15:3 1¥ !, d 12.2 41 It.,; d I 5 JS:4 ..u 1?2 ?_ 0 2.. 1.1 /J. t) 1.1 / 0 / I.Ji ,,:/fl 11 tJ tJ 0 J?o "!/J /J.t? /1 tJ tJ '7/. /) /, tJ./) 0 t) 0 tJ.v tlO /)/. 0 t? 0 J?.t /} /, /}/) f /J !" 1/J /J.tJ 'I tJ ti tJ 4 ,,;:a /')/') /£id 2, I .f' /. ?' ,n ~~ I CJ I .f.f /? /J ..?.i .fl tJ .?/ 11t atJ 11/J .1 0 .? 1I.S /J.O /1.5 3 0 i 'T/J /J.O 1/J / ¢ ,;-- ?~ 15:d /9.2 QI ,2,t/ 115 ''/~ I 1,/J.9 ,,,,, 16 It? .£.t; t/.6 M.6 111?/,1 249


=== Page 259 ===

A&w y-,,,,.,, Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon II 7 /fj f{',:; <a 1.?.9 1-Asmmomical //4 /,. 2Z /f'.q. <{7 1'1/ 2-Aircraft ?/ q d/1 l}/L,1 7.,:? 71.t? • 3-Lii,hl Phenom. z. I .f /.t dff' f',{i 4-Birds /'J /'J /'J ,o.;;: /'JI, ,1/J 6-Clouds, Dus~ et~ /} 0 0 l?.u tJ.tJ /JtJ 6-lnsuffi~ ~lo. ,9/J /} IJ/} ;,;;-,; ///, 15.4" 7-Psydlllogical '7 tJ ? s.-. l{/J S.¢ 3-Unkno.. ;{! 0 /4 ltN /JtJ il"J't 9-0tt,,, ,;- /} ,:; .J'.'t 00 .J'9 Total //'.,t, f'.J' 12'1 ~1.i 1'1'! /t}(/ d2.lr2 /1~ ,4U//'A6 /) Number Per Cent Evaluation Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Batloon £, ,s 7 16 /.,Z, ff:? l•Astronomical //,, 6 2Z lifi .-,: (/ 272 2-Aircraft ii ff l'l 1.U f. 9 :JJ'5 3-LightPh810m. /J / / I'! 11 l,Z, IZ 4-Binls I iJ I 1.t, tl.tJ /.& 6-Clouds, Dus~ et~ /) /) tJ I'.? /1 /,//.) j')/.) 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. // /} II 111. tJ.tJ if.I, I-Psychological ;;- /} K ,: ?, /J,/.) t.. z, 8-Unknown // /} II (J't: a /J /.?/, 9-0ttier ✓ /) d' //q a;:; ,U Total 1,./ :7(? j(/ '15.1 11/.1 10t7. t:?; SAA/ HAAI(' 151'/J Number Percent Evaluation Certain Doobtfu\ Total Certain Doubtful Total 0-Balloon IS ½ ,I}~ /dL 7'fi" 22.4 I-Astronomical /tJ J' /.l 9.'1 .f. 9 12.i: 2-Aircraft 17' <?' ?6 IL,.6 1/g -?d..J' 3-Light Phenom. t? tJ t7 /)j /JI~ /J.O 4-Birds 0 /) /} /J /) /.)/.) /}/) Hlouds, Dus~ et~ I} /J I} /J.r, au /1/} 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. ;i:; /} /,{, ,,,:-,:: l{/J ;5.,; 7-Psychologica! I -?, .J 1./J I.ti 2.9 3-Unknown (j/J 0 UJ l?.d {J,0 19. (t 9-0ther I g, .J' 1(} 1.i? ,;,_,; Total ffO 13 10.J 111 2,Z,,.J /00. #/'"'"' ,t!i'tl"'~ /.../LJ.--U A/,,- -r/JA/ Number PerCenl Number PerCenl ertaln Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total pertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total q I, /;,' 11.6 '7.7 lf.Z 1/. '7 2!> 9. ✓ 5.J' 11¢'7 1/,J J{ If 1/f.1 ;,J.? ,;.7. I 31 117 4/ iff'$ Sf 2-I/ /I/ 1/J .24 11.' 12d M.7 5'.I f'5 LL I. /2.Q p/7 271 / c:J / /,? /J /J /J /J ?, z iJ.v /. 7, IZ ?, tJ z $t. '111 'l.l. I /'J I /JI. /JI} /J, /4 /J /} 0 /J /) /)/) u'tJ /) ?. :?, t7. t) /, 1!, /Z z j'} z ?, t. /}{) 2.t. I/ /J I/ 1.,5 /,ltJ /,, ,; / 0 I I.J tJ.o /..l' ;J tJ tJ tJ.tJ /J. t) tJ t} IJ' tJ /J It.? /Jc? //..7 IJQ /J .?9 22.9 tJ /} 22.9 z 0 t., :J.1,, f'.!/J .2,/,, ? tJ .J' /~ ao //[ ,;-;[ Fl 'IS ln't J'tU /al vz.z, qf 1170 118' n:z /tJt}, ff :77/E /!£". -~,d,0,:_ .AAu,/-h'_::-5/ Pr(; //J/)/ [),9y7 11 IV W-"'L .-9,,,i,ce "7,- /. ' ,,~,,,,, h,1,,,,,,le.:I Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobllul Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total f't) ? .19 1.1.tJ ?. ,;I !VI ;J 17 ?tJ 7. z, '1.4 /t.t 29 // ///1 /7,Q 1.:,/4 _2d,1 ?d //} dd l1x'9 S/. 1~,. l'l }!2, ¢1 11-d ;f.Z, •?;,(,; /.? /Cl -?7 'J!z S£ 1.2.8' ,:; .,:' j/J ?;;, :J.d /,,/l ,;- ?, 1 .Z.f? /./ .7.9 / /J I /J,/4 a tJ /,I/, I ;2/ ..? /J/ /.I /'7 I? /} /} a/J Cl.Cl /J.O !? /'J I? /J.u tJO tJ.o ,?,1 /J "?,/} 1-? I") /J,/.) ;,fl_tJ :27 t:? :27 /5.I? ,:!/J 15.u ?, /} z. /,2., /} /) /,:!, 5 /J s :7.% t?!? -? f? l'f /J /7 ''1"' // 11 //J, 9, j-:, /7 .?7 2,7.;:'. tl,/J :zJ.t /4 I 7 ?.L tJ.I. 4z q' /} d 2.:z. /J,/J :z.z pf/) d-t I/~ 7' 'fl ti ?_f.( /OtJ. 119 41 lf?O 771 11.1 111111 ff 1//l(f'L ??YE {!£A/.,-,,,,:. C, >,P l,l/i5/ ,?,c-,-,: /J,V ;t,,, ,,u,,, t'J~ I ,,,r,e111. /i;,e;,,,:.57 Numbe, Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total .z f 5' 4,, f /} 1/.7 ,; 'I fl I/./,, 1/J £. I. 9 5 ;',I IM.9 //.~ M.6 I /} I 1,f{ /J. /J :2..1 j'} /} 0 t1u 0.0 120 /J / I /J /) ?J .2J ff /J ff If', t, o.lJ 18'-t /J tJ tJ /J/J tJ,/J ac .I, /.J £ 1/.I. /J, I} 11.t I I} I :7.3 IJ/} :!.5 ..SI ;:Z, dr 1'.2./ 11. 9 ;(J{J. 250 llf"'LAl/lrr Number Certain Doubtful 1' Ji' II. 5"' //J /J / ..3 tJ /} /') / ;/} tJ tJ 2, /p tJ J 2, £5 ..?.! Number Certain Douhtfu Number Certain Doubtfu /,7,C /4 -~4J, ,C:,,, Per Cent Total Certain Doubtful Tot~ /6 rr :z, 8' :2,, It.<- 21 11,_5 ~z "?1 25 /i?.5 If {I 2J? </ I(? .?I 4. I 0 /l/, ~o 00 I {J/'} /0 /, 1J /0 ,/J.J' t7 tJ it:U 2, tl. /} :t.l Z./ /,S- '55 tJ.O /.t;':'5 5 .J' I ZJ 52 97 l/44<'9 -7<1 1/J/' PerC111t Total Certain Dwbtful Total PerCmt Total Certain Dwbtful Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 260 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Asburmical 2-Aircraft Higtrt Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dus~ etc. 6-lnsvffic.lnlo. 7-Psydlological &-Unknown 9-0tlle, Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-A-ical 2-Airmft Hight Phenom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Du~ etc. 6-lnsuffic. klfo. 7-Psydlological 8-UnknoMI 9-0lfler Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aircraft Hight Phonom. 4-Birds 5-Clouds,Du~etc. 6-lnsuffic. tnfo. 7-Psycllological &-Unknown 9-0ther Total 111,fL.E 1£2.U. O'IL-li: ,£:Zl.J £ &L,l/,£Tl(MI 11/c /J,C me d, ,Jin, N&"DnnC //AL~• t~ ,,,, St:J,,.,.,,, We Number Pe,Cent Number PerCa1t Nual>er PerCa1t Number PerCalt Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Dout,Hu Total Certain Doubtful Total 5 .? )i' 14' j! .2.,; l,t.7' 2/4 ,:/ .J'/J 1£1 ?.ff V,9 //. :7--,, 5-5 112d :?/.( ~..:: /"7 1✓ -?I 1/'7 q_ i' 71. 7 q 11? ;t; '71. s?.d //.JJ /4 /$ 2'/ f.Jl ?./ /fl_? I} t7 tJ n/J IJ.11 t?. CJ 2, ?,, d Id /,d ~-1 I) I I /J_/7 IJ. fl A'i' t:l I / /J_/J t1. 7' 11, 1 I 0 I ib? /J_/J tJ.R' /7 ~ :Z, ,I}./, Ml I. <I ,-; tJ ,!. ,,, IJ IJ./J 5t? I/ /J /I -7,'?' IJ /} '7 '7 /J IJ IJ /J. IJ /J tJ t?.'9 tJ /) /J tJ. /J tJ.tJ atJ 2,; /) :25 '11 /) /J A ,?/ /1 ~d /J .J'c./ 2.J_f( IJ,/J 141.f I 5 /,, tU d-2. £g ,? CJ ? 2/ tJ, /J '7 I £.3 st: 111-? 1..,-.1.t; '411 I//J/J /t)'/ .?/. 45 74,i 5.t, IIJ.? t2E /:/AtLr 6/G I/Ti'/J/6 5 I/// «1/E STRd'.77£6 /C /),<: ,,.,,,&" sav.~~ .,C'.A#.r,. '£<7'" ,i!.1,t::',,--:: /?AJ IA< '1,,;::f-C',:~5 ,?A,,4_A,/e /JC 5,:,,HU h#u,C<; Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Number Per Cent Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttu I Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtfu Total Certain Doubtful Total Ii Id ,tt· 11::t. 1Ll I :J{J' I ft, J' £'? //1.5' ,,,,,. $' 5 Ii' 1:/ 5"/ fl'! /f.2. / ? d 5.3 15. J? 2,/1 /2, 5 rt d.l _,;;/ /7.$ ,J./ I ..;, 11a .. 5'.J' /C Jr 7. /J 11/ 7./2 11_,1 ~ti I /J I ,;:3 11_/J 5.J' /} /} /} /}/, /)/} /),'1 eJ /'J CJ ,'JI) /1/) (l(J IJ /J /) t1 /, /J/J /}/, ,-; cJ 0 /.J.tJ atJ /J/J 1 /} 1 J(/ g_e, ff/ / /) I ,;5 17.t? 5J' ?, I 3 2/J /.,'1 '7/J / Cl I 55 /J/J ,,:.? .2,/ /J 2,/ 2/.t /,1,1 7/~ I /J I IKJ' /,I IJ 5. J' 1' 0 '/ 'I. I Cl. tJ 7. I I d ,, ~.5' :Z/1 l?t.¢ 7'5 2q' 99 '15.t i✓ .z //J~ 9 /CJ JI/ ;/ft, 51?,_(, It/a 251


=== Page 261 ===

Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astmnomical 2-Aircraft 3-Ligh!Phenom. 4-Birds 6-lnsuffi~ Info. 7-Psydlological 8-Unlcnown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon 1-Astrooomical 2-Airaaft 3-LijjttPbOIOOI. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Dust, et~ 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-UnknoMI !I-Other Total Evaluation 0-Balloon l•Astronomical 2-Aircraft 3-LightPbom. 4-Birds 6-Cloud~ Oust,~ 6-lnsuffi~lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-IJnknoMI !I-Other Total ff c?dJ~c!r S/6ltTI/Y6S (Al (),F 7,¥£ t!u1;, '£n 0,,y ON ,,,,,, ~A,C£ &JC /4,,,~,,,,t. n,,,,JL'< Number PerCenl Number PerC"11 Nunler PerC"11 Certain OOllbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certairi Doubtful Total Certain Ooobtful Total ~ertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total 51_ '5 ? d/J ~/4 //7,t. /5 % ?5 l/n.</ ,;-:t. //M /? /~ 2$' '7,Q '1./ 17./J ~ /,. /I -7!t, ?.1 d..7' .2/ // J'.f!, 11"'.'t. 7,/4 2.2,.2. 21 ? J4 l-'5" /? 2tU //} /( I~ 15.2 If./ 2'f.! /9 ;f .!1 152, 12.5. ?57 /.J ? 22, 1.9 5.~ 15.4 () I I /J./J /.5" /.5" t, 2, ~ 4.2, 1.4' £/. 5' 2!, 1 ?/J Ui ,;~ / /J I /.5" /J,/J ~, / /J I &. 7 /J /J t.?.'J" / 2, .5' /J/4 /.;?, I.&' /} /1 /J 11.(} at? /1/J /J /1 /J I'.?/? /7, /? /}.CJ /1 /1 /J /J,,:J /J,tJ '1/J 117 /] //} 15.Z '1" /&( 2, ?/J /J flt) I.fl/ /UJ /f. 9 2? /J :27 /t.,6 ,///J 4.5 5" /J ,<;' 7, t. tJ.CJ 'l't. e,, tJ ~ /d IJ. /) t.4 "" Cl 5 .J'.CJ tJt? 1CJ ? /J 9 1/.J'.,{, tJ.& /.J'. /4 11./ tJ td ,;7 l?,/J 9. 7 .J'4 /J # ~1 ,?_/J $.?' ,j /) d t..l "/) t.. I t, I 1 1/.t, /J.1 49 ;/ (} ¢ .2.d tl/J J!.~ 41- 4/1 LL. IJ//1 .!tJ.1 llotJ. i/tn, 41, ;dU 1,1.1 1-U,; /(JI) Iii/ .55" 1/tt./ 141 '7/..J //Jt?, 1ll$L£ tf?JZ ClF r/1£ /fcur/,,1/ CU'Wli?5r A'EG /CJ/V 5/9,v .?A A,/A,~/"C) lf"L A•~(; /JG ;AC;,,-4A, £.~,.,u Number Per Cent Number Percent Nulliler Per Cent Certain OOllbtfuI Total Certain lloubtfu I Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Ooobtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total /;/ 'I ~I 11,;- I 1.5' 11.I. g ~ ✓ ,-;'.5' £5 //Jt. ~ ? // !( t. ?t, II.~ q 3 t. ¢1) 1. 9 158 /5" 1 ?'7 It.. I ,f5 '7.J.t. 9 5 14 l?.5'.1 /..!.?, 5t..9 /J /J /} /J.I) iJ. /) iJ. /? I /J I ,f.l, tJ./1 ~-t /J /J /) ,1/J t:J /J ,2(J /} /J /J IJ.(J /J,17 /J tJ /,) /J /1 ~,'. t?.tJ /J/J tJ I I ;J.tJ ? L. f?,I, 15 /J 15 It.I t?./J It.,/ J/ 17 'I Id.ti // IJ /~t/ I 2, 5 I.I a.2, 13 /J tJ tJ 111.tJ ,51,/J /J.tJ I~ tJ 18 ,~d ;7 /} /9tl ti tJ 4 ;tJ,5 tJ,/J 1/,:1,5 I !2, J I./ ?.2- f.3 I /J I ?,/. n,., ~./. 11., 2/ 95 '/14 :n.1.. /n/). 2'1 I/ J', ff~ I ti. 9 tt?t1 252 Number PerCmt Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain lloubllul Number PerCml Certain Douhtru Total Certain lloubllul Total Total I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 262 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Evaluation 0.Balloon !~Astronomical 2•Aircraft Hight Phenom. 4--Birds 5-Clouds. Dus~ etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. 7-Psychological 8-Unknown 9-0ther Total Evaluation 0-Balloon I-Astronomical 2-Aimaft 3-LightPh010m. 4-Birds 5-Clouds, Oust. etc. 6-lnsuffic.lnfo. I-Psychological II-Unknown 9-0tlier Total OJIJLE E&L/1,?T/tJIV r2F 1211 lli?'Z- ;?C r,1£ ,..,,,,, ~u 1,,/£ ·r .4.. A ·'L':" .,._, - ,, ·- ,,:;,:- S,:,1,r..1 h/cu Number Per Cent Number PerC01t Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobtful Total ertain ,;' _J' 1 5./ ...? / i'. 2, ?'! 2, 25 /f?.4 /,t, .!tl.!7 IQ 2f ,/1, 11/J J1L 14.?.it 1'1 /4 23 J.J.L I/ R 1'1."- f( i It 1'1, fl 1, 1;;_ Ii J.J /.? ?(, it7.d ',JJ/ 1/J,f /) /J /} /J. /) tl,/J. iJ. cJ 2, 2, d 1,/. It. .J'.2, L? I I /J /} I/J / /J /J / I tJ./J /JI? /JK / /J I /,;;? ,:1.,o ,:/J /J ~ 2, a.o /.£ /. L K' /7 5 !>. / /7,? ~/ f /} q '1 £, tl/J 't'7. 0 /J /J ,7./} /J/J /J.O /J /} 0 ///J /J.C ,?/) ,?/ /} "/ '7/'-' ,, ,,, ?/_// ~:?. /,? ??. ?t::t, ao 1'5.t / .? d /tJ J. I d. / ~ 17 .5' fl.a /J,J -, /I 5,;- //~ Ii~ 5/.. 1.15. ? /M. c;c; '7L 12,:; '/'91, 1flJ 1/,?~ tf 2flt:2 /JC _,_,r' .St''" r,,., =~,, ; 5.,- L&s. ',t//Cft5S l~.4,lAA,n:- ,1,:- So1;7",t/ hP,,,r57 Number Percent Number Per Cent Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain /-" sf '7u /1.t? f,;- ~f.5 I ?, .f 55 ltJ. 5' 15.9 /.I ,f // ti f{ ff J' '.J'. I / ...J' d ~? 15':K fl/I II ., /t. I.!./ I..IJ 19. J 2,, I .J' lt'5 ... ~ 1§'7 -?, /) ?, ",I ;J.tJ ?.d I /) / ,:;-~ /J.,, 5. ~ /) /J /) ,, ,, /J{.7 tJ./7 /J ;J t? ,(J.t:J !?./J /U? /) /J /) t?,..; {J.tJ 17. /) /) (l /} /1,I', oc tJ.tJ 1 /} '1 ,tJ ,IJ /) CJ I /J / S::? /) tJ .5'.f ~ I J' -?.d I. 2, ., t. I ,, I 53 /J. /J 5.5 14 /) d JI,,"/ r:7.t? IL. '1 I /J / 55 ,, /J ,;-f '1 /J '1 lJ IJ. t) ~3 I ¢' 5 ,.5 ?,/./ .?L.~ 1.1 ~/ 1¢ ,t,::o 25.t? IM,>. tj JIJ Iii 1/11/. 1,,-.u 11711. 253 and 254 S/6HT//Jlte5 df£d5 ,;>£,::;/OJI/ Nurl'ber PerC01I Number Per Cent Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain O..blful Total ~£,..,,,,., Number Per Cent Number PerCa,t Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Ooubtfu Total Certain Doobllul Total


=== Page 263 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I APPENDIX B WORKING PAPER FORMS 255 and 256


=== Page 264 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I INDEX OF FORMS Exhibit Bl. Tentative Observers Data Sheet . Exhibit B2. Tentative Observers Questionnaire Exhibit B3. U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet. Exhibit B4. Codes for Work Sheet Exhibit BS. Work Sheet . Exhibit B6. Codes for Card Bible. Exhibit B7. Card Bible . Exhibit BS. Example of an IBM Card 257 and Z58 Page 259 267 277 289 297 301 309 313


=== Page 265 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT Bl TENTATIVE OBSERVERS DA TA SHEET 259 and 260


=== Page 266 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I. I 1. 2. J. 4. s. 8. 10. 11. Date Date lJhat A.M. Zone: TENTAT'IVE OBSERVERS DATA Slf.ti:ET WherE: Choice is Given, Circle Proper Answers, or Insert Answer of your ot,servation: Day Month you reported the observation: Day Month time was it when you sighted the object: Hours P.H. Daylight standard Eastern, Central, Mo,.mtain, Pacific, Length of time object was observed. Estimate: Year Ye°ar Hinutos Other Hours 1".finutas Seconds Where observed: l5ostal Address City or Toi-m State Country Where were you at time of observation: Inside building, In Car, Outdoors, Other ~Vero you movir1g at any time du.ring this sighting: • Yes or No Did you stop at any time during this sighting: • Yes or No If 'you were moving - give and miles per hour. --D-ir,_e_c..,..t"'"i-on-- --S-i!-~e-ed How was object observed: Na.1-(ed eye Ey,:, glasses Other glass (Window or Windshield) BinocuJ.ars, Telescope, Theodolite Other ------·------- How did you happen to notice the object: 261 • •


=== Page 267 ===

12. lJ. 16. 17. Describe what you saw as criefly as possible in the following spaces: a. Sound b. Shape c. Color de Size e. Number f. Light brightness g. LiGht color h. Motion i. Speed j. Other ------------- How did object disappear from view: Suddenly or Gradually Circle One • At any time did the object: a. Change direction. b. Change speed. c. Hove behind something; Cloud, House, Tree, d. Blond with backgrou..'1d. e. Decrease Other in size. f. Decrease in brightnes.:o. g. Move in front of something. h. When you first looked at the object, uhat direction were you facing? ---- L'hen you last saw the object, ,·Jhat direction were you facing? In the follouing Sketch A, draw lines from the observer's eye to the circular arc to show tha apparent elevation of the Directly object in the sky. Overhead A. When first seen, label a. B. When last seen, label b. 262 Ob~erver 1 s :tye SETCH A ------- I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 268 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 18. 19. :?O • On the following Sketch B, label a at the apparent position of the object when first, seen and b at point last seen. Trace the appar:3nt path of the ob,ject between points a and b. If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc., along the traced path to show the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time dur ing the sighting. In Sketch C please show the observed features of the object such as; A, Apparent shape, {were edges poil..ted or rounded), 13, Apparent direction of r:iotion ( .si1 ow by arrow), a'1d C. Other detall::i, exhaust, trails, tails, surfaces, etc. Overhead (/ 0 Horizon Obser_v_e_r~•-s--~Horizon Eye SKETCH B SKETCH C The sun and the moon are ::,;1ovm below as they appear in their correct relative size. In this s::etch D, show the appar.snt siza of what you saw. SUN OBJECT SKETC;-J: D 263


=== Page 269 ===

21. In your own words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from the time of first sighting to the time of dissappearance are important. Include a description of the weather, wind, and cloud condttions at the time of this sighting. 264 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 270 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 22. Your fuJ.1 name: 23. Your address: 24. Your occupation: 25. Last school you attended: 26. Year of last attendd.Dce at this school: 27. ?lease list the names and addresses o.f persons who di.scussed thj_s sighting with you. It is not necessary to li.st t:1e names of officials or investigators. 28. Further cor.JJ:,Gnts which you believe are i:nportant shou.ld be entered here. Use additional s!v,ets of the same sizc-3 if nocr::ss~r:y. 265 and 266


=== Page 271 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B2 TENTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE 267 and 268


=== Page 272 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 11 I TErJTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE SECTION A 1. When did you see the object: 1.1 Date: -...-- Day Month Year 1.2 Time of Day: A,M, or P.M. (Circle One) Hrs. Min. l.J Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern d. Pacific b. Central e. Other c. Mountain (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard 1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2: a. Certain c. Not very sure b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess 2. Where were you when you saw the object: Postal Address Additional Remarks: City or Town 3. Where were you located when you saw the object: (Circle One): a. b. c. Inside a building In a car Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other state ------ 3,1 Were you: (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c • In open countryside? d. Flying near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? r. Flying over open country? g. Ot)lEJr -------------- 269 Country


=== Page 273 ===

4. How did you happen to notice the object? ,. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Day Month Year SECTION B 6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? 6.1 What had you been doing for the JO minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each. 7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions: 7.1 What directionwere you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. rlortheast c. East d. Southeast e. r. South Southwest g. West h. Northwest 7. 2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. ------ 7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No 8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North e. South b. Northeast f. Southwest c. East g. West d. Southeast h. Northwest 270 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 274 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I \ 8.1 What.direction were you looking when the object disappeared? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South ' r. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question ( 8 and 8.1). a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d, Just a guess 9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No 10. How was the object seen? (Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. • Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through theodolite r. Through sunglasses g. Through open space h. Other 11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 11.1 CLOUDS ( Circle One) 11.3 WEATHER {Circle One) a. Clear sky a. Dry b. Hazy b. Fog, Mist, or light rain c. Scattered clouds C, Moderate or heavy rain d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow e. Don't remember e. Don I t remember 11.2 WIND (Circle One) 11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One) a, Ho wind a. Cold b. Slight breeze b. Cool c. Strong wind c. Wann d. Don't remember d. Hot e. Don't remember SECTION C 12. Estimate how long you saw the object? Hours Minutes Seconds 271


=== Page 275 ===

15. 16. 18. 12.l Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12: a. Certain c. Not very sure b. Fairly sure d. Just a guess Did the object look: ( Circle One) Solid - or Transparent Did the object at any time: (Circle One for each question) J.4.1 Change direction? Yes No Don't know 14.2 Change speed? Yes No Don't know 14.3 Change size? Yes No Don't know 14.4 Change color? Yes No Don 1t know 14.5 Break up into parts or Yes No Don't know - explode? 14.6 Give off smoke? Yes No Don 1t know 14.7 Change brightness? Yes No Don't know 14.8 Flicker., throb., or Yes No Don•t know pulsate? 14.9 Remain motionless? Yes No Don't know - Did the object give off a light? ( Cj_rcle One): Yes No Don't know - - 15.1 IF you answered YES., what was the color of the light? Tell in a few vJOrds the following things about the object? 16.1 Sound ----------------------- 16. 2 Color ----------------------- IF there was MORE THAN ONE object., then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling. Did the object at any time: 18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know IF you answered~, then tell what it moved behind. 272 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 276 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 20. 21. 22. 18.2 Move in front of something? (C1.rcle One) ~ No Don't know IF you answered~, then tell what it moved in front of. 18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) ~ No Don't know Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One): a. Pea f. Automobile b. Baseball g. Small airplane c. Basketball h. Large airplane cl. Bicycle wheel i. Dirigible e. Office desk j. Other 19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19. a. Certain c. Not very sure ,._ vo Fairly certain d. Uncertain Try to tell the following things about the object: 20.1 How high above the earth was it? ________feet. 20.2 How far was it from you? _____feet or _____miles. 20.3 How fast was it going? .,.....__,_.,..._...,..._miles per hour. 20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your ans·wer to the above questions: a. Certain b. Fairly certain How did the object disappear from View? (Circle One): a. Suddenly b. Gradually SECTION D c. Wot very sure d. Just a guess c. Other --------- d. Don't remember In the fol:!.owing sketch, imagine your eye at the point shov-rn. Place an 11 A 11 on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon ( skyline) when you first saJ: it, Place a 11 B 11 to show v1here it was when you last saw it. 0v h d - e ea .:, 't,----_._----Horizon You 273


=== Page 277 ===

In the following sketch place an 11 A 11 at the position the object was when you~ saw it, and a "B" at its posi.tion when you~ saw it. Overhead Q Horizon ___ ._________..__ Horizon You Dr~rw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an 11 A" at the beginning of its path and a 11 B 11 at the end of its path. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the dravnng to show the direction the object was moving. 274 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 278 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I SECTION E 26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle One): Yes or No 26.1 IF you answered N0 1 then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones? --------------------- ____________________________,_ 27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? 26. Give the following information about yourself: NAME ----1 ....a_s_t_M,...am_e____ First Name Middle Name ADDRESS ____,.,,,.S.,.tr_e_e..,.t____ City Zone State TELEPHONE J\TUMBER ---------- What is your present job? --------------------- Age ------ Sex ------ 29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes - or No - 29 .1 IF you answered ~ 1 did they see the object too? (Circle One): ~ or No - 29.2 Please list their names and addresses: 275


=== Page 279 ===

JO. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use adcli.tional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary. 276 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 280 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B3 U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 277 and 278


=== Page 281 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. u. s. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATIO.N SHEET This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details. When did you see the object? 2. Time of day: Hour Minutes Day Month Year (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. Time zone: (Circle One): a, Eastern (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Central b. Standard C, Moun ta in d. Pacific e. Other Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postol Address City or Town Stote or Country Additional remarks: Estimate how long you saw the object, Hours Minutes Seconds 5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you ore of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain c. Not very sure b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess What was the conditia, of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight d. Just a trace of daylight b. Dull daylight e. No trace of daylight c. Bright twi I ight f. Don't remember IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left b. In back of you e. Overhead C, To your right f. Don't remember 279


=== Page 282 ===

8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 8.1 STARS (Circle One): 8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. None a. Bright moonlight b. A few b. Dull moonlight c. Many c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember d. Don't remember Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Severa I yards away? e. Other Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know g. Flicker, throb; or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: . Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, than tell what it moved in front of: Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Trans parent? c. Don't Know. Did you observe the object through any of the fol lowing? a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No d. Window glass Yes No h. Other 280 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 283 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object. a. Sound----------------------------------------- b. Color--------------------------------------- 17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. 18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred e. Other _________________ b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember 19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. 281


=== Page 284 ===

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A• at the beginning of the path, a •B• at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet. 22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? (Circle One): a. Head of a pin g. Silver dollar b. Pea h. Baseball c. Dime i. Grapefruit d. Nickel j. Basketball e. Quarter k. Other f. Half dollar 22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22. a. Certain c. Not very sure b. Fairly certain d. Uncertain 1---------------------------------------------- --------; 23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? ---------------------------------------------· 24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw, Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 282 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 285 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 25, 27, 28. 29. 30. 31. Where were you located when you saw the object? 26, Were you (Circle One) (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city? b. In a car c. In open countryside? c. Outdoors d. Flying near an airfield? d. In an airplane e. Flying over a city? e. At sea f. Flying over open country? f. Other g. Other What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? . IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or o1her vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North C, East e, South 9• West b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest 28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. North c. East e. South g. West b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. North c. East e. South 9• West b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation). 31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North degrees. b. From horizon degrees, 31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North degrees. b. From horizon degrees. 283


=== Page 286 ===

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown, Place an •A" on the curved I ine to show how high the object was above the horizon {skyline) when you first saw it, Place a "B• on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. 33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "Bn at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch. 284 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 287 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One) 34.2 WIND (Circle One) a. Clear sky a. No wind b. Hazy b. SI ight breeze c. Scattered clouds c. Strong wind d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Don't remember e. Don't remember 34.3 WEATHER (Circle One) 34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One) a. Dry a, Cold b. Fog, mist, or light rain b. Cool c. Moderate or heavy rain c. Warm d. Snow d. Hot e, Don't remember e. Don't remember 35, When did you report to some off ic ia I that you had seen the object? Day Month Year f----------------------------------------·-·· ··-··------' 36, Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 36. 1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 36.2 Please list their names and addresses: 37, Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No 37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? -----------------------------------· 38, In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? 285


=== Page 288 ===

I 39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________ m.p.h. 40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far oway would you say it was? _______ feet. 41. Please give the following information about yourself: NAME-----,--,-~----- Last Name First Name Middle Name ADDRESS Street City Zone Stote TELEPHONE NUMBER ________ What is your present job?-------------------------------- Age _____ Sex _______ Please indicate any special educational training that you have had. a. Grade school __________ e. e, Technical school _____________ b. High school__________ (Type) ______________ c. College ____________ f. Other special training ___________ d. Post graduate __________ 42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day Month Year 286 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 289 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I U. S. A I R FOR C E T EC H HI CAL I H FORMAT IO H SH E E T (SUMMARY DA TA) In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re• peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa• tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed, NAME ___________________ (Please Print) SIGNATURE ________________ DATE ___________________ 287 (Do Not Write in This Space) CODE:


=== Page 290 ===

I I I . I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I L__________ I 288 I


=== Page 291 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B4 CODES FOR WORK SHEET 289 and 290


=== Page 292 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I CODES CODE 1. GENERAL a. Every column must have at least one entry. If no data are available for any column, the Y should be used. b. If a number in any column is used to enter data, then X qualifies the data as indicated in the Code for the specific column. CODE 25 DURATION UNITS X y O Days 1 Hours 2 Minutes 3 Seconds 4 5 6 7 8 9 CODE 41 POSITION X Variable y 0 1 In car 2 Outdoors 3 In plane 4 In building 5 6 7 8 9 Other CODE 28 IATITUDE X South latitude y 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 CODE 32 LONGITUDE X East longitude y 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 CODE 42·MOVEMENT OF OBSERVER X y 0 Wasn't moving 1 Was moving - stopped 2 Was moving - didn't stop 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 291


=== Page 293 ===

I I QQDE 43 OBSERVATION METHOD CODE 44 SOUND X Variable X Variable y y 0 Naked eye 0 Motors 1 Eye glasses 1 Jet or rockets 2 Window 2 Explosion 3 Windshield 3 Unlike aircraft 4 Binocular 4 Hiss, swishing, whining 5 Telescope 5 Rumbling 6 Theodolite 6 Humming or buzzing 7 Radar 7 None 8 Photographic 8 Not stated 9 Other 9 Other CODE 45 COLOR CODE 46 NUMBER CODE 47 LIGHT-COLOR X Variable X X Variable y y y 0 Metallic 0 - 1 0 White 1 Light-glow-luminous 1 - 2 1 Black 2 Red 2 - 3 2 Grey 3 Orange 3 - 4 3 Red 4 Yellow 4 - 5 4 Orange 5 Green 5 - 6 5 Yellow 6 Blue 6 - 7 - 10 6 Green 7 Violet 7 - 11 - 20 7 Blue 8 Black 8 - 20 - 30 8 Violet 9 White 9 - 31 or more 9 Other CODE 48 SPEED CODE 49 SHAPE X Variable X Variable y • y 0 Hovering, stationary 0 Ellipse l Less than 100 m.p.h. l Rocket 2 100-400 m.p.h. 2 Conventional aircraft 3 More than 400 m.p.h. 3 Unconventional aircraft 4 Meteor like 4 Meteor, comet 5 Not stated 5 Lenticular 6 6 Conical 7 7 Tear drop 8 8 Flame, tails, fire 9 Other 9 Other 292 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 294 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I CODE 50 SHAPE PARAMETER a/b X - Variable y 0 - o.o l - 0.05 2 - 0.1 3 - 0.2 4 - 0 • .3 5 - 0.5 6 - 0.75 7 - 0.9 8 - 1.0 9 - Other CODE 51 SUBTENDED VISUAL ANGLE {Referred to sun diameter) X - Decreased in size y 0 - 0.1 l - 0.2 2 - 0.5 .3 - o.75 4 ... 1.0 5 - 1.5 6 - 2.0 7 - 4.0 8 - 4.0 to 10.0 9 - Other CODE 52 LIGHT BRIGHTNESS (Intens.llzl X Decreased CODE 53 ANGULAR VELOCITY X Variable y y 0 Sunlight on mirror l Sunlight on aluminum 2 Sunlight on plaster 3 Sunlight on stone 4 Sunlight on soil 5 Brighter than moon 6 Like moon 7 Duller than moon 8 Barely visible 9 Other CODE 54 ANGULAR ACCELERATION (Change in Angular Velocity) X Variable y O Zero, v=constant l Increasing slowly 2 Decreasing slowly 3 Increasing fast 4 Decreasing fast 5 Increasing very fast 6 Decreasing very fast 7 8 9 293 0 Zero 1 Very slow, 1° per second 2 Slow, .3° per second .3 Moderate, 60 per second 4 Rapid, 12° per second 5 Very fast, 30° per second 6 Extremely fast, 900 per second 7 More than 900 per second 8 9 Other CODE 55 APPEARANCE BEARING X y 0 - N 1 - NE 2 - E 3 - SE 4 - s 5 - SW 6-W 7 - NW 8 9


=== Page 295 ===

CODE 56 DISAPPEARANCE BEARING X - Disappeared suddenly y 0-N l - NE 2 - E 3 - SE 4-S 5 - SW 6-W 7 - NW 8 9 CODE 61 OBJECT ORIENTATION Apparent inclination of principal ..!!.!,s of object from horizontal X •Variable t 0 +90 to 60 l ..60 to 30 2 .+30 to 10 3 +10 to O 4 O 5 0 to -10 6 -10 to -30 7 -JO to -60 8 -60 to -90 9 CODE 65 SERVICE X y 0 Army 1 Navy 2 Marine .3 Air Force 4 Coast Guard 5 Merchant 6 Commercial Air 7 CAA 8 Gov•t. Contractor 9 Other CODE 57-58 ELEVATION WITH RESPECT TO GROUND. DEGREES X y 0 l 2 .3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Initi1l ~ Variable X Variable y 0-9 0 0-9 10-19 l 10-19 20-29 2 20-29 .30-.39 .3 .30-.39 40-49 4 40-49 50-59 5 50-59 60-69 6 60-69 70-79 7 70-79 80-89 8 80-89 9 QODE 62-63-64 CIVILIAN OCCUPATION Dictionary of Occupational Titles, Vol. II, 2nd Edition, PP• XIX-XXVI. u.s. Department of Labor, Bureau of Employment Security. U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D. C., 1949. See PP• XIX-XXVI. CODE 66 DUTY X y 0 Pilot 1 Weather tech. 2 Radar tech. 3 Tower op. 4 Balloon obs. 5 Tech. spec. 6 Guards, lookouts ? Ground or deck crews 8 Navig. or bombardier 9 Other 294 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 296 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I CODE 67 RANK EQUIVALENT CODE 76 EVALUATION OF OBSERVER RELIABILITY X Officer X y y 0 Lt. 2nd 0 Private 1 Lt. 1st 1 Private, 1st Cls. 2 Capt. 2 Corp. J Maj. J Serg. 4 Lt. Col. 4 S. 'I. Serg. 5 Col. 5 M. Serg. 6 Brig. Gen. 6 Warrant Off. 7 Maj. Gen. 7 Chief Warrant 8 Lt. Gen. 8 9 General 9 CODE 77 EVALUATION OF REPORT RELIABILITY X y 0 Complete 1 Quite 2 Fair 3 Doubtful 4 Poor 5 Not 6 7 8 9 Can't be judged CODE 79-80 FINAL IDENTIFICATION X Probably y 0 Balloon l Astronomical 2 Aircraft J Light Phenomenon 4 Birds 5 Clouds, dust, etc. X y 0 Complete 1 Quite 2 Fair J Doubtful 4 Poor 5 Not 6 7 8 9 Can't be judged CODE 78 PREL,RgNARY IDEN'IIFICATION X Possibly y 0 Balloon 1 Astronomical 2 Aircraft J Light phenomenon 4 Birds 5 Clouds, dust, etc. 6 Rocket or missile 7 Psychological manifestations 8 Electromagnetic phenomenon 9 Other 6 Reeke~-eP-mieeile Insufficientinformation 7 Psychological manifestations 8 i~ee~Femagaetie-paeaemeeeR Unknown 9 Other 295 and 296


=== Page 297 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B5 I WORK SHEET I I I I I I I I I 297 and 298


=== Page 298 ===

I I I WORK SHEET I Observer's I Data Punched Sheet Card Question Column Code Descri;etion I l* 2 Incident serial I 3 Serial No. number 4 I 6 Serial No. Insertion 7 8 Dal I 9 1. 10 Month 11 I 12 Year Observed 13 14 Day: I 1 2. 16 Month Re:eorted 17 I 18 Day 19 20 Month Rec I d ATIC I 21 22 Hrs. Time of observation 23 Greenwich C. T. I 3. 24 Min. 25* Time Units Duration of 2 observation I 4. 27 Duration 2 * 29 I 30 31 Latitude I 32* 33 34 Location I ,. 35 36 Longitude 37 I 38 39 40 Cosine latitude I ~· Denotes separate code key is needed. I I 299 I


=== Page 299 ===

Observer's Data Sheet Question Punched Card Column Code Description 6. 41* Where observer was _ __,,1,..,,._B_. ____ ,..4~~,.,.....---------==M.-ovi_n~ - Stopped 10. 43* How observed 12a. 44* Sound 12c. 45* Color 12e. 46* Number 12g. 47* Light-color Speed Appearance Description 12b. 19 49* 12b. 19 50* 12d. lfie.20 51* i2r. 14r. 5°2* 53* 4. 12h. 14. 18. 19 54* 1 . * 13. 14. 16 17. 9 Shape a/b Size Light brightness Angular velocity An ar acceleration Describe appearance Describe disappearance Initial elevation Final elevc:.tion __ l_,,2,;;.,;i,;...•~21.,...;....____ 6,.,,0__________ A,.,.1..,.t_i tude, 1000 ft. 18. 19. 61* Object orientation 2* 63 64 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 Civilian occupation Service occupation 76-:;:. Observer Motion Elevation Altitude Observer """'7"""7--~---------'""R"'"'e-pu:ct Evaluation 7B* Preliminary Identification Final * Denotes separate code key is needed. 300 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 300 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B6 CODES FOR CARD BIBLE 301 and 302


=== Page 301 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I X y 0 CODES CODE 1. GENERAL a. These cards (and the corresponding WORK SHEETS) contain data from several sources. Columns referenced to the u. s. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Form A) must have at least one entry. If no data are available for any column, the Y (or 12 punch) should be used. b. Columns 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, and $1 are calculated from data appearing in the u. s. Air Force Technical Information Sheet {Form A). If the basic data for these calculations are not available, the appropriate columns are left blank. c. If a number in any column is used to enter data, then X (or 11 punch) qualifies the data as indicated in the Code for the specific column, CODE 7 SIGHTING IDENTIFICATION {Ti.1is column may or may not contain multiple punches) CODE 22 LOCAL SUN TIME (Refers to date of a.c.T. observation) X y 0 Same day 1 All sightings 1 Previous day 2 2 Unit sightings, all observers 3 Unit sightings, single observers 4 Unit sightings, multiple observers 5 Object sightings 6 7 8 9 CODE 23-26 LOCAL SUN TIME {Calculated from G.C.T., date, latitude, and longitude) 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 CODE 27 LATITUDE X South Latitude y 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 303 CODE 31 LONGITUDE X East Longitude y 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9


=== Page 302 ===

U. s. Air Force Technical Information Sheet Question 5. 15. 16a. 16b. Punched Card Column 3 39 4q 41 42* 43* 4~ 45 46 47J,f- 48 49. 50 51* 52* 3 54 55* s& 57~,f, SB-ii- Code Description Hour Angle Angle of Elevation of the Sun Group Classification sun Bearing Angle Time Units Duration of Observation Group Classification How Observed Sound Object Color 16b. 17. 59* 60* Light Color Physical ------------~:,":'"'--------:c==-0-=1"'"0-r--,is-Gr-o-up 19. 61* Classification Number 62* 6y1- lla. llb. 39. Sp __1~7~•;,....;..l_B~._24~•;;.......,...-------,.:;'-----------,S~h-a.p_e__ Description 64* llf. 21. 22. 24. Size 65* 10. lle. Light Brightness 66-ii- 67* 5. 11, 17. 20. Angular Velocity Motion 33. Angular Acceleration 68* 69* 29. 31, 1. Appearance Bearing Disappearance Bearing 70* 11~1- * 73➔ 1- 41. 74* 75* 7&.- 77* 78-if * Denotes that separate code key is needed. 304 Initial Elevation Final Elevation Description rientation Maneuvers Observer Occupation Observer Rating Observer Report Rating Reliability Group Classification Final Identification I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 303 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I CODE 47 GROUP CLASSIFICATION (Derived from the angle of elevation) CODE 48-51 SUN BEARING ANGLE (Calculated) CODE 51 SUN BEARING ANGLE X y 0 l -79,99° to+ 79.99° 2 +80,00° to +89,99° 3 +90,00° to +100.00° 4 +100,01° to 130.00° X East of the Meridian y 0 1 2 3 4 5 +130.01° to +180,00 and -180,00° to -100,01° 6 -100.00° to -90.01° 5 6 7 -90.00° to -80,00° 8 9 CODE 52 DURATION Tl1'iE UNITS X y 0 Days 1 Hours 2 Minutes 3 Seconds 4 5 6 7 8 9 CODE 56 OBSERVATION METHOD X Variable y 0 Naked eye 1 Eye glasses 2 Window 3 Windshield 4 Binocular 5 Telescope 6 Theodolite 7 Radar 8 Photographic 9 Other X y 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 7 8 9 CODE 55 DURATION GROUP CLASSIFICATION X y 0 5 second and less l 6 - 10 seconds 2 11 - 30 seconds 3 31 - 60 seconds 4 61 seconds - 5 minutes 5 6 - 30 minutes 6 Over 30 minutes 7 8 9 CODE 57 SOUND CODE 58 OBJECT COLOR Variable X Variable y Motors 0 Metallic Jets or rockets 1 Light., glow., luminous Explosion 2 Red Unlike aircraft 3 Orange Hiss, swishing, whining 4 Yellow Rumbling 5 Green Humming or buzzing 6 Blue None 7 Violet 8 Black Other 9 White 305


=== Page 304 ===

CODE 59 LIGHT COLOR X Variable y 0 White 1 Black 2 Grey 3 Red 4 Orange 5 Yellow 6 Green 7 Blue 8 Violet 9 Other CODE 62 SPEED CODE 60 COLOR GROUP CLASSIFICATION CODE 61 NUNBER X Light glow y 0 White 1 Metallic 2 Red 3 Orange 4 Yellow 5 Green 6 Blue 7 Violet 8 Black 9 Other CODE 63 SHAPE X y 0 1 1 2 2 .3 3 4 4 5 5 6 6 7 -10 1 11-20 8 21-30 9 31 or more CODE 64 SUBTENDED VISUAL ANGLE (Referred to sun diameter) Variable X Variable y X Decreased in size y Hovering, stationary Less than 100 mph 100 - 400 mph More than 400 mph Meteor-like Not stated Other 0 Ellipse 1 Rocket 2 Conventional aircraft 3 Unconventional aircraft 4 Meteor, comet 5 Lenticular 6 Conical 7 Teardrop 8 Flame, t ails, fire 9 Fire 0 0.1 1 0.2 2 o.5 3 0.15 4 1.0 5 1.5 6 2.0 7 4.o 8 4.0 to 10.0 9 Other CODE 65 LIGHT BRIGHTNESS (Intensity) CODE 66 ANGULAR VELOCITY X Decreased y 0 Sunlight on mirror l Sunlight on aluminum 2 Sunlight on plaster 3 Sunlight on stone 4 Sunlight on soil 5 Brighter than moon 6 Like moon 7 Duller than moon 8 Barely visible 9 Other 306 X Variable y O Zero 1 Very slow, 1° per second 2 Slow, 3° per second 3 Moderate, 6° per second 4 Rapid, 12° per second 5 Very fast, 30° second 6 Extremely fast, 90° per second 7 More than 90° per second 8 9 Other I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 305 ===

I -- 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I CODE 67 ANGULAR ACCELERATION (Change in angular velocity) X Variable y 0 Zero, V • constant l Increasing slowly 2 Decreasing slowly 3 Increasing fast 4 Decreasing fast 5 Increasing very fast 6 Decreasing very fast 7 8 9 CODE 69 DISAPPEARANCE BEARING X Disappeared suddenly y 0 N l Ne 2 E 3 Se 4 s 5 SW 6 w 7 NW 8 9 CODE 72 OBJECT ORIENTATION Apparent inclination of principal CODE 68 APPBARJ:J1TCE BEARING X y O N l NE 2 E 3 SE 4 s 5 SW 6 W 7 NW 8 9 CODE 70-71 ELEVATION WITH RESPECT TO GROUND 1 DEGREES Initial Final X Variable X Variable y y 0 0-9 0 0-9 l 10-19 1 10-19 2 20-29 2 20-29 3 30-39 3 30-39 4 40-49 4 40-49 5 50-59 5 50-59 6 60-69 6 60-69 7 70-79 7 70-79 8 80-89 8 80-89 9 9 axis of object from horizontal CODE 73 MANEUVERS CODE 74 OBSERVER OCCUPATION X Variable y 0 +90° to 60° l +60° to 30° 2 +30° to 10° 3 +10° to 0° 4 oo 5 OQ to -10° 6 -10° to -30° 7 -30° to -60° 8 -60° to -90° 9 X y 0 l 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 307 X Y Civilian, occupation r.ot stated O Army, military l NavY, military 2 Marine, military 3 Air force, military 4 Coast guard, military 5 Merchant marine, military 6 Commercial air, civilian 7 CAA, civilian 8 Government contractor, civilian 9 Civilian, other


=== Page 306 ===

DE 75 EVALU.aTiot! OF OBSERV};R a:~LIABILITY CODE 76 EVALUA'rION OF RSPORT RELIABILITY X y 0 Complete l Quite 2 Fair 3 Doubtful 4 Poor 5 Not 6 7 8 9 Cannot be judged CODE 77 RELllBILITY GROUP CLASSIFICATION (Based on observer and report ratings) Excellent (Observer O or 1 and Reoort O or 1) Good (Observer O or 1, Report 2, 3, or 4; Observer 2, 3, or 4, Report O or l; Observer 2, Report 2) Doubtful (Observer O or 1, Report 5 or 9; Observer 2, Report 3, 4, S, or 9; Observer 3 or 4, Report 2, 3, 4, S, or 9; Observer S or 9, Report o, 1, 2, 3, or 4) Poor (Observer 5, 9, or Y, Report 5, 9, or Y) 308 X y 0 Complete I 1 Quite 2 Fair 3 Doubtful 4 Poor 5 Not 6 7 8 9 Cannot be judged CODE 78 FINAL IDENTIFICATION X Probably y 0 Balloon 1 Astronomical 2 Aircraft 3 Light phenomenon 4 Birds 5 Clouds, dust, etc. 6 Insufficient information 7 Psychological manifestations 8 Unknown 9 Other I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Ii I I I I I I


=== Page 307 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B7 I CARD BIBLE I I I I I I I I I 309 and 310


=== Page 308 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I u. s. Air Force Technical Information Sheet Question 1. 4. CARD BIBLE Punched Card Column 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 10 11 12 13 :i1 15 1 17 18 19 20 21 23 24 26 27* 28. 29 30 3Hr 32 33. 34 35 3~ 31 Code ~" Denotes that separate code key is needed. Description Serihl No. Sub Serial No. Sighting Serial No. Day Month Year Hours Minutes Key Hours Minutes Latitude Longitude Regional Area Strategic Area Identification Serial Number Identification Incident Serial Number Observed Time of Observation Greenwich C. T• Local Sun Time Location Card Deck No._ is identified by an X (or 11 Punch) in Column_. 311


=== Page 309 ===

U. s. Air Force Technical Infonnation Sheet Question Punched Card Column 3 39 4q 41 42* 43* ~ 46 Code Description Hour Angle Angle of Elevation of the Sun Group Classification sun Bearing Angle Time Units Duration 54 of Observation l.5. 56i How Observed 5.si Group Classification 16a. 57* Sound 16b. 58-ii- Object Color 16b. 17. 59"- Light Color Physical ______......________ __.6r!◊*,..--------c-01;.;..o-r_Gr ___ oup Classification 19. 61* Number lla. llb. 39. 62* Speed 17. lB. 24. 63-lf, Shape Description --=it"':::1,..,1:~.~21=-.----:2~2~.--:s24r-.-----~6"4-*--------=s-=-i--ze___ 10, lle. 65* Light Brightness 5. 11, 17. 20. 66-ii- Angular Velocity Motion 33. 67* Angular Acceleration 29. 31. 1. 68i Appearance Bearing 23. JO, 31. 2. 69-ii'. Disappearance Bearing 7◊* Initial Elevation 31 • 32 • 71* Final Elevation Description 41. 72* Orientation 73* Maneuvers 74* Observer Occupation 7$i Observer Rating Observer 7&t- Report Rating 77* Reliability Group Classification 78-ii- Final Identification * Denotes that separate code key is needed. 312 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I


=== Page 310 ===

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I EXHIBIT B8 EXAMPLE OF AN IBM CARD 313 and 314


=== Page 311 ===

---------------------- w ..... u, Pl ;::s 0.. w ..... CJ' ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ r z ~ r ► o ~ ~ o ~ ~ ~ c Observed Lati- co ;;' Angle.of Duration g 10 ~ if CD ::, ,. ::, g II'" ui" 0 Q ~ tude ~ G Eleva• of Obser- ~ ~ cr ] ;:- cg .g ~ Cl i ! ~ -ct ::,a:ii • f . ct Q"0 c<::, z -· 0 -· t1on o . vat1on n .. CD .. <1 m : 11 10 1 c 2. G C - n the Sun !!.. -· ► a i" ~ ~ 3 •• ►~ a "'nil<,.~~C: er Z Time "" ~ "" 3:" n :, o O !- :, ., c oa :son:!. __ c ~ g. O~-< o::i: 00 O::I:C'l _.OC'l ::i" 0 g ii·g.: Cl 00ct I (DC CDCO 3CO •DOJ IT 0. ., '<~a 'E!E._ ~g_c c,Cc -g -·- ~ i!: :;; :o"" c:i· g::. .:t'"< sE "'!- 111 !- :?.:, ~ Ill O ; ; : C/1 I I 11',/t/i/i/t(t/i/i.l / I ' ' ' I ' ' ; •• " 11 ,: !,, " ,s ,: " ,a 19 m:·;," 1' 1) 2( :J " 29 :J 3' 12,•: ,, "E •; 03 JS" "42 '3 ~ •5 ,& ., ,s,,s :J 51 51 5) s., s: Ii )) ";9rt1~1q.c1~pj~Ljl-1'31"1''1'TT 81'9 '1 I aJ OC oo I o II ao ;o I oo ~ I oo:o I ~ c:D aoooooooc D 010 o C ooo E os C ooaon O' oooooaoonil c oCo o o oooc aoao oooooil oo ; ; ; ; ; ; I ; i; 'i ;' ;' 1;J ~ 1 ; 1 ;:~· ;' ;s : 1 :1'1' C ',' \' \' 2 1 a',' 1,' \9 ;c J,' ~21;: C :,: ',' j' ',' ',' ;c ;' ;: ;, ~ ~ ;1 \' ~ ~ c; 5 1 1 ~ \' ;• ;c ;: \' \' '{ 'i ',' ~ 'i' ',' '{ 'i \' '{ '; '{ ',' ',' 'i' ',' , 1 '{ ;' ;a ;s; ~; ! '. '. '.' !:: ~ '. ,i; ! '. .'.~ ,; ,'. ;j'. :~~ ~ '.; :, ;,; ; ;1;; :.: ~~ :,,; ;; ;,;,;;:,~1. 1 ,'.; :, ~:. ~;; 2;:;; :~ ;,~;,,'.;; :, : : '.}, 1 ,;, ~ :,; 1 3 3 3 3 3 3l 3i3 3 3 l/3 3 3 3 1 3 3 3 313 3 3 3 3 3C 3 3 3 3 31\3 3 3 3 3 3 313 3 3 J □ D 3 3\'c 3 JC 3 3 3 3 3 3 □ 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 :i O 3 3 C 3 3 3 ~ I ' I - 4 4 4 4 4 4 ,: 4 /4 4 4 4i4 4 4 4 4 4 I ~ 1 4 4 4 4 4 E 4 4 4 4 4 4 t 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 C 4 4 4 4 4: 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 ~ ~ 4 4 ~ C4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 : 1 ~ -: .; ~ t' i F. ·g :: 11 L' 1 1, ;: 1~ :r i'i ;f. F! :·:·:~· ~? (.~ 2! .:5 2V 21 2i: ::1 :;o jl rr:i ~.! :!5 jC ~i J~ :E 4: .;; !,( .;3 4-: ~:> !C !7 ,).;~ 50 51 ~2 53 ~.; 5~ ~,[; 51 58 ~S :-'JC C.: G CCC b [:: 1 , i i I 1· ?~ i· ;; i JS t C 5 5 5 5 5 51s:s55 s!s sn 5 5 5 51: 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 sls 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 sm 5 5 5 sls 5 5 5 sD 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 :, 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5; i I I I I C s 6 sIs s E z;s s s s's s 6 s,s s s s:s s s s Es s s 6 E 6 6 1 6 6 GD s s s 6 s sC s 6 sf. 6J6 s s s s s s Gs s s s s s s El, s s s s 6 s Es cs s s 6 s s ;I;; ;;;;, ; ~• ~!~ ;;;j;;; ~•j;' ~ ~ 1 :; ;, ~ ;' 7l I;' ;t~ ;• ~ 7 ~ ~ ;; ;~;; ~; ~ t; 5 ;I~~~~·;: C;; ~; ~;;;; ~;;;;; ~ ;· ;' ~ ; 7 ; ;; ; i I I I I 8 8 8 ti~ i BBB SI :a ea 8;~ B 8 8;~ 8 2 E 2 e8 8 B sl:s 8 g 8 8 s 8 8 f: 2 8 8 8 8 8 2 8 g 8 8 8 E 8 s C 818!Sieisi5!618l~]E!8lEle!8!6~v! 818 8 ')·• • l.,,' •~.• - 1 ~••11 ;. •··•· 0 ---;····~--••;.,'···• ···1·"• ''1••••·•••~ti:~~r-c•cr:.r•· ·•-·"•r··~•.·r, , 1-~·-:;• ·1rr ~999~;~,;~~ ·c i;::;;;..s ::~;~~-a~·3~lg; ;;;";;~~;;,~;~t:·~~;g\~ s;ts~s~-9~~'2 s~~icc~ ~~~.· ~ 3 :. :· 7 ; ~ i~ ~- ~: ,J ~- ;_'.~; ~i; ~ ;~ > ;: ;~ ~J ;t ;1 .·: -~ ;.! Jl ;2b3 ;.; ~~ ~c- -:~ .:-. ~! :: t~} ~ ~5 :.s j~;t!:i!;~ ;i ~: ;j ~I;;; !I~ ~~- ~9 L :; 6~; [ z- [ ~- ;, -~ ;, :, ; ~ t ;~ ·c ; ;5 6 _.!.!. 1VI 7h , 27 I' I r:lrlf ~ -;- "' n :!" a: ;· .. CD a 'ii: ~ .. .. ~ ::, " - - z I I Local ;;· ;_ C Sun 3 0 .,. Time ::, ~ ::i: C 0 ll .. "' ;; .. .. Langi• tude ::i: C 0 ::, .. ~ "' .. 0 !?: .. ~ .. .. Hour Angle ::i: 0 I§ .. ~ "' .. ~ a. .. - .. ~ C/1 .. Sun Bear ing Angle. I /!IY~YVVYVIIYY 0 .,. ~ C/1 ~ ;· ► ;- ~ .. ~ !! ::, < "Cl ::c "' '[ - ~ g_ 'ii: a 0 0 C a ::, ~ !!'. n r -- ~ 0 .. .,,. 0 ~ ;o ::, 0 .. m n !.. - I .,. !!. Q < ~ f .. n - !.. a C ii" C: C/1 C'l "' .. "Cl n ::, .. n "Cl ~ ~- ~ ~ 2. 0 !: ; C < 0 0 .. ~ = .. .. Q C .. .. '< ::, 0 ii" a .. a. "Cl a. .. "' ::, ::, "· -c ::, a. 1:11 X > s=: ,:j t" 1:11 1:11 0 X ::i:: 1-rj H > tp H z t--3 H tp tp 00 s=: () > ~ d


=== Page 312 ===

I 11 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I I I I I FOR Off~(L'\t [St ONl Y (Af[t ] ~{p-] 6 )